Q: What is the atomic number of Gold?
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Radium?
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: What is Seaborgium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: how do you write gold
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: Describe Bohrium.
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: What does Rb stand for?
A: Rb is Rubidium, element number 37.

Q: ag is which element
A: Ag is Silver, element number 47.

Q: what family is gold in
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: What's Rubidium's atomic number?
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: what can you tell me about curium
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: What is element 41?
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: potassium is which element number
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: What period and group is Bismuth in?
A: Bismuth is in group 15, period 6.

Q: tell me about lead
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is rubidium in
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: What state is Holmium at room temperature?
A: Holmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Beryllium?
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: how do you write nihonium
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: What kind of element is Iron?
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: give me info on zinc
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Copper?
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's terbium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: What does Mg stand for?
A: Mg is Magnesium, element number 12.

Q: What's Thallium's atomic number?
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: How many noble gases are there?
A: There are 7 noble gases among the 118 elements.

Q: Which element has the symbol Lr?
A: Lr is Lawrencium, element number 103.

Q: which element is number 13
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: where is thallium on the periodic table
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: is titanium a metal
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Samarium in?
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: is aluminium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Aluminium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Gadolinium in?
A: Gadolinium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what is europium
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is hydrogen on the periodic table
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: what element is 97
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: which element is atomic number 73
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: what is the symbol for mendelevium
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of arsenic
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: Is Iodine a metal or nonmetal?
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: Where is Silicon on the periodic table?
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: where is tin on the periodic table
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: describe holmium
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Osmium.
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 76?
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: what element has atomic number 37
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: Which element is atomic number 40?
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: what's element number 94
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: what is element 70
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: What type of element is Copper?
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: give me info on beryllium
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is gold on the periodic table
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: tell me about oxygen
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Pd is which element?
A: Pd is Palladium, element number 46.

Q: what block is radium in
A: Radium is in the s-block.

Q: What is Erbium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: What does Db stand for?
A: Db is Dubnium, element number 105.

Q: what is the atomic number of helium
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: what is holmium
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is terbium in
A: Terbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what's the symbol for yttrium
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: What's Selenium's atomic number?
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: What's element number 11?
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: what's rhenium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: what is germanium's symbol
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: Tell me about the element Tellurium.
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for boron
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: What number is Thallium?
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: which element is ba
A: Ba is Barium, element number 56.

Q: what state is protactinium at room temperature
A: Protactinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about carbon
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Ytterbium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element is atomic number 38?
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: Is Xenon a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Xenon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what is element 80
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: describe germanium
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for bismuth
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: is argon a metal
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: What number is Oxygen on the periodic table?
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: What number is Curium on the periodic table?
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: is yttrium a metal
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: which element has the symbol v
A: V is Vanadium, element number 23.

Q: what type of element is zirconium
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about dysprosium
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is iodine's symbol
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: what period and group is lutetium in
A: Lutetium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what is tellurium's symbol
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: What category is Copernicium?
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: what period and group is francium in
A: Francium is in group 1, period 7.

Q: What state is Polonium at room temperature?
A: Polonium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does p stand for
A: P is Phosphorus, element number 15.

Q: what group is arsenic in
A: Arsenic is in group 15, period 4.

Q: What can you tell me about Lanthanum?
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's lithium's atomic number
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: What does Mn stand for?
A: Mn is Manganese, element number 25.

Q: give me info on potassium
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Tungsten at room temperature?
A: Tungsten is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Vanadium?
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: what's potassium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: What period and group is Calcium in?
A: Calcium is in group 2, period 4.

Q: what element is 58
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: How do you write Nobelium?
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: What element is B?
A: B is Boron, element number 5.

Q: What family is Silicon in?
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: what is promethium
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 78
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: What is Gadolinium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: Name some actinides.
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: What block is Osmium in?
A: Osmium is in the d-block.

Q: nihonium is which element number
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: What group is Lawrencium in?
A: Lawrencium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: Tell me about Argon.
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: What kind of element is Neon?
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: What's the symbol for Hassium?
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: What number is Chlorine on the periodic table?
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of yttrium
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: What element is 76?
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: What element is 106?
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: Which element is Ds?
A: Ds is Darmstadtium, element number 110.

Q: how do you write fluorine
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: cs is which element
A: Cs is Cesium, element number 55.

Q: What is the atomic number of Roentgenium?
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: What category is Astatine?
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: how do you write gallium
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: What element is Sb?
A: Sb is Antimony, element number 51.

Q: is europium a metal
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element is number 2?
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: What category is Osmium?
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: What state is Praseodymium at room temperature?
A: Praseodymium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol hf
A: Hf is Hafnium, element number 72.

Q: what state is zirconium at room temperature
A: Zirconium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Sr?
A: Sr is Strontium, element number 38.

Q: What number is Mercury on the periodic table?
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: what group is neon in
A: Neon is in group 18, period 2.

Q: what is nickel
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Francium on the periodic table?
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: what is element 16
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: Which element is Cu?
A: Cu is Copper, element number 29.

Q: What is element 80?
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: what is element 116
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: What number is Curium?
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: what number is chromium on the periodic table
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: What is Selenium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: what element has atomic number 99
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: Is Krypton a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Krypton is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Roentgenium.
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: Describe Uranium.
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is yttrium on the periodic table
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: is calcium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Calcium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Samarium.
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Rutherfordium?
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: what type of element is antimony
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: what type of element is neon
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: What does Ru stand for?
A: Ru is Ruthenium, element number 44.

Q: What's the symbol for Copernicium?
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: what family is radium in
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What is Gallium?
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about hydrogen
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: which element is number 4
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: how do you write meitnerium
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: what number is tellurium on the periodic table
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: tell me about the element californium
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: how do you write oganesson
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: Ts is which element?
A: Ts is Tennessine, element number 117.

Q: what period and group is silicon in
A: Silicon is in group 14, period 3.

Q: seaborgium is which element number
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: f is which element
A: F is Fluorine, element number 9.

Q: What's element number 32?
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: what element is c
A: C is Carbon, element number 6.

Q: What is Astatine?
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Protactinium in?
A: Protactinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Copernicium?
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Cadmium?
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: What period and group is Helium in?
A: Helium is in group 18, period 1.

Q: mg is which element
A: Mg is Magnesium, element number 12.

Q: What is the symbol for Copper?
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: give me info on gadolinium
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is curium
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: what is praseodymium's symbol
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: where is francium on the periodic table
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: Which element is atomic number 86?
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: give me a halogen
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: What period and group is Actinium in?
A: Actinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what's uranium's atomic number
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: What is element 110?
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: What number is Tennessine?
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: Is Palladium a metal?
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: What block is Rutherfordium in?
A: Rutherfordium is in the d-block.

Q: What kind of element is Plutonium?
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: What is Vanadium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: What can you tell me about Promethium?
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is neptunium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Neptunium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Ac?
A: Ac is Actinium, element number 89.

Q: What category is Radium?
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What family is Protactinium in?
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: how do you write mercury
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: is iron a metal or nonmetal
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Dysprosium?
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: what type of element is cerium
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: what's element number 116
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: What block is Calcium in?
A: Calcium is in the s-block.

Q: Which element has the symbol Lu?
A: Lu is Lutetium, element number 71.

Q: What group is Neodymium in?
A: Neodymium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Where is Germanium on the periodic table?
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: How do you write Bromine?
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: What element is 25?
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: which element is atomic number 27
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: What's the symbol for Lithium?
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: What is element 92?
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: What category is Fermium?
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: Which element is atomic number 78?
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: What group is Praseodymium in?
A: Praseodymium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what kind of element is iron
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Holmium?
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: Describe Dysprosium.
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is ruthenium in
A: Ruthenium is in group 8, period 5.

Q: What category is Hafnium?
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element thulium
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Rhodium on the periodic table?
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: Which element has the symbol Bk?
A: Bk is Berkelium, element number 97.

Q: What is Thulium?
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Nickel in?
A: Nickel is in group 10, period 4.

Q: What is the atomic number of Helium?
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: What is Hydrogen's symbol?
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: what's fluorine's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: indium is which element number
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: What's Curium's atomic number?
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: what is darmstadtium's symbol
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: What is the atomic number of Iridium?
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: gallium is which element number
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: Which element is atomic number 112?
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: Where is Silver on the periodic table?
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: Is Palladium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Palladium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: carbon is which element number
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: is platinum a metal
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Copernicium on the periodic table?
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: Flerovium is which element number?
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: te is which element
A: Te is Tellurium, element number 52.

Q: what block is hydrogen in
A: Hydrogen is in the s-block.

Q: What group is Cobalt in?
A: Cobalt is in group 9, period 4.

Q: where is copper on the periodic table
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: What element is Th?
A: Th is Thorium, element number 90.

Q: what is element 35
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: What state is Silver at room temperature?
A: Silver is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Lithium in?
A: Lithium is in the s-block.

Q: tell me about the element samarium
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Thulium.
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Radium.
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is lead
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: What's Lawrencium's atomic number?
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: Tell me about Cerium.
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for promethium
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: what's the symbol for xenon
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: What is element 103?
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: Give me info on Copper.
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Europium?
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is copernicium's symbol
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: Which element is Nb?
A: Nb is Niobium, element number 41.

Q: What family is Neon in?
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: How do you write Krypton?
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: what block is chromium in
A: Chromium is in the d-block.

Q: what is the atomic number of carbon
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: Which element is atomic number 85?
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: What is the atomic number of Nobelium?
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: what element is sr
A: Sr is Strontium, element number 38.

Q: What block is Argon in?
A: Argon is in the p-block.

Q: What does F stand for?
A: F is Fluorine, element number 9.

Q: What group is Iridium in?
A: Iridium is in group 9, period 6.

Q: what is meitnerium
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: what is element 2
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: what type of element is rubidium
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 9?
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: what's element number 90
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: Is Cadmium a metal?
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: What state is Ytterbium at room temperature?
A: Ytterbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 13
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of gallium
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: what number is arsenic
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: what are nonmetals?
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: what period and group is iron in
A: Iron is in group 8, period 4.

Q: where is boron on the periodic table
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: tell me about uranium
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Praseodymium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Praseodymium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 101?
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: which element is atomic number 88
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: what's element number 74
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: What element has atomic number 33?
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: Which element has the symbol Rh?
A: Rh is Rhodium, element number 45.

Q: is plutonium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Plutonium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Hassium on the periodic table?
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: What number is Cesium?
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: what does no stand for
A: No is Nobelium, element number 102.

Q: ts is which element
A: Ts is Tennessine, element number 117.

Q: Which element is number 106?
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: what does the atomic number mean
A: The atomic number is the number of protons in an element's nucleus.

Q: what is the symbol for silver
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: what category is lanthanum
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: what can you tell me about neptunium
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe sulfur
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element neon
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: what's technetium's atomic number
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: What number is Copernicium?
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: what state is magnesium at room temperature
A: Magnesium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Oganesson?
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: what type of element is lutetium
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is polonium's symbol
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: what period and group is actinium in
A: Actinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: Describe Lithium.
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is germanium a metal or nonmetal
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Roentgenium?
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: What does Rf stand for?
A: Rf is Rutherfordium, element number 104.

Q: v is which element
A: V is Vanadium, element number 23.

Q: What category is Argon?
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: what period and group is boron in
A: Boron is in group 13, period 2.

Q: where is rhodium on the periodic table
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: What group is Osmium in?
A: Osmium is in group 8, period 6.

Q: What element is 107?
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: What element has atomic number 51?
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: what is element 69
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: tell me about fluorine
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: give me info on moscovium
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Barium?
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What number is Xenon?
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: name the gaseous elements
A: The gaseous elements are Hydrogen, Helium, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Fluorine, Neon, Chlorine, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, and Radon.

Q: Fe is which element?
A: Fe is Iron, element number 26.

Q: what's the symbol for lutetium
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ar?
A: Ar is Argon, element number 18.

Q: What period and group is Meitnerium in?
A: Meitnerium is in group 9, period 7.

Q: what block is strontium in
A: Strontium is in the s-block.

Q: What category is Rhenium?
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: What state is Actinium at room temperature?
A: Actinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 51?
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: Which element has the symbol Sn?
A: Sn is Tin, element number 50.

Q: What number is Bromine on the periodic table?
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: what group is phosphorus in
A: Phosphorus is in group 15, period 3.

Q: Which element is atomic number 47?
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: what's molybdenum's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: Which element is atomic number 5?
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: What type of element is Boron?
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Nobelium?
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: What group is Polonium in?
A: Polonium is in group 16, period 6.

Q: Which element is number 28?
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: Tantalum is which element number?
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: What period and group is Hafnium in?
A: Hafnium is in group 4, period 6.

Q: what element has atomic number 65
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: what are actinides?
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: What type of element is Tennessine?
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: What number is Selenium?
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: What group is Bismuth in?
A: Bismuth is in group 15, period 6.

Q: which element has the symbol rb
A: Rb is Rubidium, element number 37.

Q: Where is Polonium on the periodic table?
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: What element is 115?
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: what is the atomic number of lithium
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Samarium?
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: what state is praseodymium at room temperature
A: Praseodymium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is as
A: As is Arsenic, element number 33.

Q: what number is mendelevium
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: where is flerovium on the periodic table
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: what element is lr
A: Lr is Lawrencium, element number 103.

Q: lithium is which element number
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: where is helium on the periodic table
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: what group is copernicium in
A: Copernicium is in group 12, period 7.

Q: tell me about europium
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol u
A: U is Uranium, element number 92.

Q: Es is which element?
A: Es is Einsteinium, element number 99.

Q: give me info on hassium
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: What does U stand for?
A: U is Uranium, element number 92.

Q: what number is zinc on the periodic table
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: how do you write praseodymium
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: What category is Berkelium?
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: what number is indium
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: Roentgenium is which element number?
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: what period and group is copernicium in
A: Copernicium is in group 12, period 7.

Q: Give me info on Lead.
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe molybdenum
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Dubnium?
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: which element is number 97
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: what element is 50
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: is neptunium a metal or nonmetal
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: What's Krypton's atomic number?
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: What element is Lr?
A: Lr is Lawrencium, element number 103.

Q: ga is which element
A: Ga is Gallium, element number 31.

Q: What period and group is Uranium in?
A: Uranium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: As is which element?
A: As is Arsenic, element number 33.

Q: How do you write Mendelevium?
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: what is the symbol for tin
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: What does Be stand for?
A: Be is Beryllium, element number 4.

Q: What block is Promethium in?
A: Promethium is in the f-block.

Q: what block is boron in
A: Boron is in the p-block.

Q: what is plutonium
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is chromium a metal or nonmetal
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: what category is palladium
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Iodine.
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Sodium?
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: Which element has the symbol F?
A: F is Fluorine, element number 9.

Q: What can you tell me about Carbon?
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is md
A: Md is Mendelevium, element number 101.

Q: what is the symbol for iridium
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: What's Magnesium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: Which element is number 87?
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: Tell me about Silver.
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Dysprosium on the periodic table?
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Arsenic?
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: What's Nickel's atomic number?
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: What can you tell me about Moscovium?
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: What is element 44?
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: what's the symbol for gadolinium
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: what period and group is ruthenium in
A: Ruthenium is in group 8, period 5.

Q: is samarium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Samarium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the atomic number of moscovium
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: Is Gadolinium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: Where is Cesium on the periodic table?
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: what family is thulium in
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: is seaborgium a metal
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: how many lanthanides are there
A: There are 15 lanthanides among the 118 elements.

Q: Which element is atomic number 88?
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: radium is which element number
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: what's element number 84
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: What category is Indium?
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what block is thorium in
A: Thorium is in the f-block.

Q: Tell me about the element Molybdenum.
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is ra
A: Ra is Radium, element number 88.

Q: what number is nihonium
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: What's Iodine's atomic number?
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: what state is lead at room temperature
A: Lead is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's bromine's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: What is the symbol for Oganesson?
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: what is the atomic number of protactinium
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: What element has atomic number 68?
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: livermorium is which element number
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: what group is tantalum in
A: Tantalum is in group 5, period 6.

Q: What is element 78?
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: what element is mc
A: Mc is Moscovium, element number 115.

Q: Pb is which element?
A: Pb is Lead, element number 82.

Q: what are the metalloids
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: Chlorine is which element number?
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: Lr is which element?
A: Lr is Lawrencium, element number 103.

Q: tell me about bohrium
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 22?
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: What type of element is Cerium?
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: describe gold
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Livermorium?
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Where is Argon on the periodic table?
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: what's neon's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: is gallium a metal
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What period and group is Darmstadtium in?
A: Darmstadtium is in group 10, period 7.

Q: what block is cadmium in
A: Cadmium is in the d-block.

Q: What is Palladium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: which element is number 80
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: what does lv stand for
A: Lv is Livermorium, element number 116.

Q: What element is H?
A: H is Hydrogen, element number 1.

Q: What can you tell me about Praseodymium?
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is cr
A: Cr is Chromium, element number 24.

Q: Which element has the symbol Nb?
A: Nb is Niobium, element number 41.

Q: what number is nitrogen on the periodic table
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: How do you write Gold?
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: What is the symbol for Zinc?
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: what period and group is europium in
A: Europium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: give me info on arsenic
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Ruthenium.
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 55
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: What is the symbol for Gadolinium?
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: Where is Dysprosium on the periodic table?
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: What's the symbol for Actinium?
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: K is which element?
A: K is Potassium, element number 19.

Q: meitnerium is which element number
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: tell me about the element copernicium
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Niobium?
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: Nihonium is which element number?
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: what number is potassium
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: tell me about rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: Which element is number 65?
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: what kind of element is lutetium
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element has the symbol Y?
A: Y is Yttrium, element number 39.

Q: what group is polonium in
A: Polonium is in group 16, period 6.

Q: What can you tell me about Bromine?
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 52?
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: Tell me about the element Ruthenium.
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Ce stand for?
A: Ce is Cerium, element number 58.

Q: which element is atomic number 32
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: What is the symbol for Hydrogen?
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: What period and group is Nickel in?
A: Nickel is in group 10, period 4.

Q: Which element is number 13?
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: What is Cerium?
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Ytterbium?
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: What is Technetium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: what's the symbol for lanthanum
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: How do you write Xenon?
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: What category is Neon?
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: what's element number 19
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: what is molybdenum's symbol
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: where is nitrogen on the periodic table
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: What is the atomic number of Rhenium?
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: what is protactinium
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Oganesson's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: Which element is atomic number 90?
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: platinum is which element number
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: what type of element is helium
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: what's element number 63
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: which element has the symbol y
A: Y is Yttrium, element number 39.

Q: What's Potassium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: What element has atomic number 90?
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: Niobium is which element number?
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: is plutonium a metal
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: Give me a post-transition metal.
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: What kind of element is Astatine?
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: describe thorium
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is yttrium
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: what's the symbol for chlorine
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: Which element is number 69?
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: Which element has the symbol Fr?
A: Fr is Francium, element number 87.

Q: What is Meitnerium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: what are alkaline earth metals
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: What element is Sr?
A: Sr is Strontium, element number 38.

Q: what element has atomic number 102
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: Is Hafnium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: What element is Se?
A: Se is Selenium, element number 34.

Q: Is Argon a metal?
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: where is rutherfordium on the periodic table
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: what kind of element is molybdenum
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: What type of element is Dubnium?
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: What's Radon's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: how do you write beryllium
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: what are post-transition metals?
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: what's neodymium's atomic number
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: Which element has the symbol Rb?
A: Rb is Rubidium, element number 37.

Q: what category is dysprosium
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: Tell me about Protactinium.
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Lead?
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: Which element is Zn?
A: Zn is Zinc, element number 30.

Q: name some nonmetals
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: What period and group is Americium in?
A: Americium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: tell me about arsenic
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is mendelevium in
A: Mendelevium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: Which element is number 43?
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of tellurium
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: What element is Sm?
A: Sm is Samarium, element number 62.

Q: what is bismuth
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Pd stand for?
A: Pd is Palladium, element number 46.

Q: what group is magnesium in
A: Magnesium is in group 2, period 3.

Q: What's element number 88?
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: Kr is which element?
A: Kr is Krypton, element number 36.

Q: What group is Helium in?
A: Helium is in group 18, period 1.

Q: what kind of element is arsenic
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: what kind of element is fluorine
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: What family is Mendelevium in?
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: what element is hg
A: Hg is Mercury, element number 80.

Q: What can you tell me about Mendelevium?
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: what does ta stand for
A: Ta is Tantalum, element number 73.

Q: which element is cd
A: Cd is Cadmium, element number 48.

Q: What block is Copper in?
A: Copper is in the d-block.

Q: what group is zirconium in
A: Zirconium is in group 4, period 5.

Q: what element is y
A: Y is Yttrium, element number 39.

Q: what is a group
A: A group is a vertical column of the periodic table. There are eighteen groups.

Q: which element is atomic number 9
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: which element is number 92
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: how do you write helium
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: what element is ge
A: Ge is Germanium, element number 32.

Q: What period and group is Rubidium in?
A: Rubidium is in group 1, period 5.

Q: Which element is K?
A: K is Potassium, element number 19.

Q: Which element is number 20?
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: What is the atomic number of Gadolinium?
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: what's tin's atomic number
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: What element is Nd?
A: Nd is Neodymium, element number 60.

Q: what is germanium
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Xenon?
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: what number is tungsten
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: What's the symbol for Hydrogen?
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: What is Fluorine's symbol?
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: what kind of element is copernicium
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: what element is u
A: U is Uranium, element number 92.

Q: How do you write Europium?
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: What's Thorium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: What block is Protactinium in?
A: Protactinium is in the f-block.

Q: What is element 2?
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: Is Gold a metal or nonmetal?
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: What element is 72?
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: What category is Titanium?
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Curium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: is technetium a metal
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: What group is Nobelium in?
A: Nobelium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What is Bromine's symbol?
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: What's element number 20?
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: silver is which element number
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: What type of element is Cesium?
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: what group is astatine in
A: Astatine is in group 17, period 6.

Q: what does md stand for
A: Md is Mendelevium, element number 101.

Q: Tell me about the element Scandium.
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Chromium a metal?
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: is astatine a metal or nonmetal
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: what can you tell me about zirconium
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Curium?
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: Describe Seaborgium.
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about bohrium
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: what is element 94
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: what can you tell me about platinum
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol mc
A: Mc is Moscovium, element number 115.

Q: What element is Dy?
A: Dy is Dysprosium, element number 66.

Q: Which element is number 105?
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: tell me about sodium
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is germanium in
A: Germanium is in group 14, period 4.

Q: What number is Silicon on the periodic table?
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: Which element is Bk?
A: Bk is Berkelium, element number 97.

Q: What type of element is Chromium?
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is number 92?
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: Silver is which element number?
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: where is argon on the periodic table
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: which element is atomic number 83
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: Describe Chlorine.
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What number is Molybdenum?
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: what is the atomic number of tellurium
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: Describe Silver.
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Aluminium on the periodic table?
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: tell me about the element lithium
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is ruthenium's symbol
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: is thorium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Thorium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for gold
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: which element has the symbol at
A: At is Astatine, element number 85.

Q: what state is barium at room temperature
A: Barium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 98
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: Ce is which element?
A: Ce is Cerium, element number 58.

Q: U is which element?
A: U is Uranium, element number 92.

Q: what block is neodymium in
A: Neodymium is in the f-block.

Q: What is element 70?
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: Is Vanadium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 74
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: Give me info on Gadolinium.
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's promethium's atomic number
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: what's the symbol for cesium
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: Tell me about Lawrencium.
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: What can you tell me about Dubnium?
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: What period and group is Selenium in?
A: Selenium is in group 16, period 4.

Q: what element is 46
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: Ne is which element?
A: Ne is Neon, element number 10.

Q: give me info on thulium
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Bohrium in?
A: Bohrium is in group 7, period 7.

Q: What is Ytterbium?
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: fe is which element
A: Fe is Iron, element number 26.

Q: What's element number 12?
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: what family is carbon in
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: How do you write Gallium?
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: co is which element
A: Co is Cobalt, element number 27.

Q: What is the symbol for Neodymium?
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: what does gd stand for
A: Gd is Gadolinium, element number 64.

Q: What is element 15?
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: tell me about iodine
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 72?
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: Tell me about the element Phosphorus.
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Hs?
A: Hs is Hassium, element number 108.

Q: what type of element is copernicium
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Zirconium?
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: What family is Chromium in?
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: what's aluminium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: what is the atomic number of gadolinium
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: What's the symbol for Uranium?
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: give me info on lutetium
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Gallium.
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Ytterbium is which element number?
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: how do you write lutetium
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: What family is Darmstadtium in?
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: What element is Ne?
A: Ne is Neon, element number 10.

Q: what family is niobium in
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is lr
A: Lr is Lawrencium, element number 103.

Q: what family is einsteinium in
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: what is the atomic number of nihonium
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: what's darmstadtium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: What element is Mn?
A: Mn is Manganese, element number 25.

Q: What is element 25?
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: What can you tell me about Boron?
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Es?
A: Es is Einsteinium, element number 99.

Q: what is krypton's symbol
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: What block is Sulfur in?
A: Sulfur is in the p-block.

Q: what is the symbol for technetium
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: What period and group is Vanadium in?
A: Vanadium is in group 5, period 4.

Q: What elements are liquids?
A: Only Mercury and Bromine are liquid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Dubnium in?
A: Dubnium is in group 5, period 7.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Nihonium?
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: describe mendelevium
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: What element has atomic number 103?
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: bromine is which element number
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: What type of element is Arsenic?
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: what element is au
A: Au is Gold, element number 79.

Q: What's the symbol for Palladium?
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: What type of element is Bohrium?
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Copernicium.
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: what state is carbon at room temperature
A: Carbon is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is neon
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: What category is Thulium?
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: hassium is which element number
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: what family is samarium in
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: what state is ytterbium at room temperature
A: Ytterbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Fm stand for?
A: Fm is Fermium, element number 100.

Q: Francium is which element number?
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: What's Moscovium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: what number is californium on the periodic table
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: is tennessine a metal or nonmetal
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: What does Cl stand for?
A: Cl is Chlorine, element number 17.

Q: what number is niobium
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: what does ru stand for
A: Ru is Ruthenium, element number 44.

Q: What is the atomic number of Meitnerium?
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: What does As stand for?
A: As is Arsenic, element number 33.

Q: What number is Niobium?
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: where is sulfur on the periodic table
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: What element has atomic number 77?
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: What group is Moscovium in?
A: Moscovium is in group 15, period 7.

Q: what is the atomic number of radium
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: what type of element is cobalt
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: rg is which element
A: Rg is Roentgenium, element number 111.

Q: what is xenon
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: which elements are alkali metals
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: What number is Bismuth?
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: what is beryllium
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol cr
A: Cr is Chromium, element number 24.

Q: What is element 42?
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: which element is atomic number 113
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: what number is niobium on the periodic table
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: What element is 86?
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: how do you write flerovium
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: Fl is which element?
A: Fl is Flerovium, element number 114.

Q: where is ruthenium on the periodic table
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: What block is Hafnium in?
A: Hafnium is in the d-block.

Q: what's oxygen's atomic number
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: describe titanium
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Tellurium on the periodic table?
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: Which element is atomic number 43?
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: Describe Argon.
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: How do you write Iron?
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: Describe Silicon.
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 1
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ra?
A: Ra is Radium, element number 88.

Q: what is the symbol for holmium
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: what element is 26
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: Give me info on Hydrogen.
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what number is molybdenum
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: what's moscovium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: what is the atomic number of einsteinium
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: What's Rutherfordium's atomic number?
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: what's cobalt's atomic number
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: ba is which element
A: Ba is Barium, element number 56.

Q: What is element 24?
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: give me info on ruthenium
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Americium.
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: give me info on titanium
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is hydrogen
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: Tell me about the element Cerium.
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is la
A: La is Lanthanum, element number 57.

Q: what category is rhodium
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Tin?
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: Is Carbon a metal or nonmetal?
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: what can you tell me about gadolinium
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is copernicium
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: is germanium a metal
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: What family is Livermorium in?
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what number is platinum
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: Which element has the symbol Pa?
A: Pa is Protactinium, element number 91.

Q: what kind of element is copper
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Chlorine?
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: what are the alkali metals
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: what can you tell me about fluorine
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Tb?
A: Tb is Terbium, element number 65.

Q: which element is number 70
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: What is Krypton?
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: What is group 18?
A: Group 18 is the noble gases.

Q: What group is Nitrogen in?
A: Nitrogen is in group 15, period 2.

Q: What state is Protactinium at room temperature?
A: Protactinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Hassium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: tell me about actinium
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 34?
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: what number is zinc
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: is neon a metal
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: What is the symbol for Iron?
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: what's the symbol for mendelevium
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: what is lawrencium's symbol
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: What is a period?
A: A period is a horizontal row of the periodic table. There are seven periods.

Q: Which element is Hg?
A: Hg is Mercury, element number 80.

Q: what period and group is hassium in
A: Hassium is in group 8, period 7.

Q: What is the atomic number of Selenium?
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: What period and group is Cadmium in?
A: Cadmium is in group 12, period 5.

Q: What block is Strontium in?
A: Strontium is in the s-block.

Q: What is element 82?
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: What block is Tungsten in?
A: Tungsten is in the d-block.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of meitnerium
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: what is rubidium
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Show me the halogens.
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: Is Plutonium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Plutonium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of argon
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: Describe Bismuth.
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is pa
A: Pa is Protactinium, element number 91.

Q: What is the symbol for Polonium?
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: is krypton a metal or nonmetal
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: which element is atomic number 35
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: give me info on indium
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Rf?
A: Rf is Rutherfordium, element number 104.

Q: germanium is which element number
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: Which element is Li?
A: Li is Lithium, element number 3.

Q: What element is 80?
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: what kind of element is neodymium
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: Is Radium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What element has atomic number 47?
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: what's element number 52
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: What number is Silicon?
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: What is Arsenic's symbol?
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: What is Actinium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: What category is Radon?
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: what number is iron
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: what's europium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: what's platinum's atomic number
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: what number is lawrencium on the periodic table
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: What is the symbol for Promethium?
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: is lawrencium a metal or nonmetal
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: Cu is which element?
A: Cu is Copper, element number 29.

Q: Is Astatine a metal or nonmetal?
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: What group is Indium in?
A: Indium is in group 13, period 5.

Q: What number is Nihonium?
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: What kind of element is Californium?
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: tell me about praseodymium
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is tantalum in
A: Tantalum is in group 5, period 6.

Q: What number is Polonium on the periodic table?
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: What's element number 86?
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: What element is Ge?
A: Ge is Germanium, element number 32.

Q: what is the atomic number of uranium
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: is chromium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Chromium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Barium is which element number?
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: which element is atomic number 84
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: What is Aluminium?
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 83?
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: no is which element
A: No is Nobelium, element number 102.

Q: What block is Radon in?
A: Radon is in the p-block.

Q: where is platinum on the periodic table
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: what is the atomic number of rubidium
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: Give me info on Protactinium.
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the atomic number of curium
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: which element has the symbol al
A: Al is Aluminium, element number 13.

Q: Which element is atomic number 26?
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: what's copernicium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: What group is Rubidium in?
A: Rubidium is in group 1, period 5.

Q: what is the atomic number of argon
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: Give me info on Americium.
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: Where is Americium on the periodic table?
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: which element is ce
A: Ce is Cerium, element number 58.

Q: Is Neptunium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: what category is copernicium
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Francium?
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: what element is ir
A: Ir is Iridium, element number 77.

Q: what type of element is samarium
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is atomic number 98
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: Which element is Mn?
A: Mn is Manganese, element number 25.

Q: what is samarium
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Copernicium?
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: What group is Hassium in?
A: Hassium is in group 8, period 7.

Q: what's titanium's atomic number
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: what are alkaline earth metals?
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: What's element number 13?
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: where is bismuth on the periodic table
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: What is Livermorium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: what is platinum's symbol
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: how do you write iron
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: What's the symbol for Europium?
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: What is the symbol for Lead?
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: Give me info on Rhodium.
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Rutherfordium?
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: Where is Yttrium on the periodic table?
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: what group is protactinium in
A: Protactinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: describe helium
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: what number is zirconium on the periodic table
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: which element is atomic number 106
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: What period and group is Astatine in?
A: Astatine is in group 17, period 6.

Q: which element has the symbol sg
A: Sg is Seaborgium, element number 106.

Q: What kind of element is Argon?
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: Which element is number 6?
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: Where is Antimony on the periodic table?
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: What block is Helium in?
A: Helium is in the s-block.

Q: what state is silver at room temperature
A: Silver is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is iridium
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 89?
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: tell me about astatine
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 87
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: What's Potassium's atomic number?
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: Where is Sulfur on the periodic table?
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: what element is xe
A: Xe is Xenon, element number 54.

Q: Tell me about the element Mercury.
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Krypton.
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: Which element is S?
A: S is Sulfur, element number 16.

Q: Give me info on Actinium.
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Platinum in?
A: Platinum is in group 10, period 6.

Q: Mercury is which element number?
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: which element has the symbol rg
A: Rg is Roentgenium, element number 111.

Q: which element is ts
A: Ts is Tennessine, element number 117.

Q: Is Tantalum a metal or nonmetal?
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: What's element number 98?
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: Which element is atomic number 76?
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: Tell me about the element Ytterbium.
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Helium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Helium is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Bohrium.
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: what's zirconium's atomic number
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: What state is Scandium at room temperature?
A: Scandium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write hydrogen
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: What family is group 2?
A: Group 2 is the alkaline earth metals.

Q: What is the atomic number of Promethium?
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: What number is Platinum on the periodic table?
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: which elements are metalloids
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: What does H stand for?
A: H is Hydrogen, element number 1.

Q: What number is Antimony?
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: What number is Meitnerium on the periodic table?
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: What number is Yttrium?
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: what family is hydrogen in
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: is oxygen a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Oxygen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What block is Chromium in?
A: Chromium is in the d-block.

Q: what's the symbol for carbon
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: Where is Nobelium on the periodic table?
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: what group is bismuth in
A: Bismuth is in group 15, period 6.

Q: What element has atomic number 107?
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: What element is 79?
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: what is the symbol for moscovium
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: what is the atomic number of zirconium
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: How do you write Fluorine?
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: Give me info on Uranium.
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Platinum?
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: What is Chlorine?
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol pu
A: Pu is Plutonium, element number 94.

Q: What is element 66?
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: Which element is number 45?
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: tell me about zinc
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is nihonium in
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: where is aluminium on the periodic table
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: What element is 16?
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: what state is yttrium at room temperature
A: Yttrium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tin is which element number
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: what state is lutetium at room temperature
A: Lutetium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 97?
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: what is the atomic number of dysprosium
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: What block is Gold in?
A: Gold is in the d-block.

Q: what group is berkelium in
A: Berkelium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what's element number 10
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: what's scandium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: what is the symbol for radium
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: which element has the symbol mg
A: Mg is Magnesium, element number 12.

Q: Which element is U?
A: U is Uranium, element number 92.

Q: which element is atomic number 64
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: what state is terbium at room temperature
A: Terbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is a group?
A: A group is a vertical column of the periodic table. There are eighteen groups.

Q: what's nitrogen's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: what is cobalt
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about bromine
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 78?
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: Tell me about Plutonium.
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is arsenic a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Arsenic is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is chlorine in
A: Chlorine is in group 17, period 3.

Q: Name some alkaline earth metals.
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: what state is chlorine at room temperature
A: Chlorine is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Describe Iron.
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Tb?
A: Tb is Terbium, element number 65.

Q: what kind of element is cobalt
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 82
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: what's the symbol for magnesium
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: what is radon's symbol
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: Describe Livermorium.
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: what is element 28
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: what is gold's symbol
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: Describe Francium.
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the atomic number of terbium
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: what is rubidium's symbol
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: Give me info on Neodymium.
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is potassium in
A: Potassium is in group 1, period 4.

Q: tell me about promethium
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about californium
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: give me info on holmium
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Mercury?
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Re?
A: Re is Rhenium, element number 75.

Q: Nb is which element?
A: Nb is Niobium, element number 41.

Q: what type of element is thulium
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: What's Californium's atomic number?
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: which element has the symbol pm
A: Pm is Promethium, element number 61.

Q: Which element has the symbol In?
A: In is Indium, element number 49.

Q: Is Indium a metal?
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What group is Zirconium in?
A: Zirconium is in group 4, period 5.

Q: what group is cadmium in
A: Cadmium is in group 12, period 5.

Q: Which elements are lanthanides?
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: what kind of element is francium
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 95
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: what is bromine
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: What's Bohrium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: What block is Potassium in?
A: Potassium is in the s-block.

Q: what kind of element is lanthanum
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: What element is Pt?
A: Pt is Platinum, element number 78.

Q: what is element 113
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: Tell me about the element Chlorine.
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what number is rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: what's argon's atomic number
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: What's Livermorium's atomic number?
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: What category is Aluminium?
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What element has atomic number 116?
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: What block is Lead in?
A: Lead is in the p-block.

Q: Is Protactinium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Protactinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on tantalum
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Hassium.
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: What element is 111?
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: what is terbium's symbol
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: tell me about the element calcium
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Sodium?
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: what element is 111
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: What is the atomic number of Iron?
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: is dysprosium a metal
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: Where is Fluorine on the periodic table?
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: Is Arsenic a metal or nonmetal?
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: tell me about tantalum
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Ti?
A: Ti is Titanium, element number 22.

Q: what's element number 112
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: What is element 27?
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: What state is Dysprosium at room temperature?
A: Dysprosium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Tantalum.
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: pb is which element
A: Pb is Lead, element number 82.

Q: which element is atomic number 101
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: What's Terbium's atomic number?
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: tell me about neon
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: What kind of element is Arsenic?
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: what state is scandium at room temperature
A: Scandium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is zr
A: Zr is Zirconium, element number 40.

Q: where is gallium on the periodic table
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: what element is 29
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: what type of element is chromium
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 66?
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: What number is Silver on the periodic table?
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: is iron a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Iron is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Iodine is which element number?
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: Cerium is which element number?
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: what family is tin in
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: How do you write Titanium?
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: What family is Iodine in?
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: is dysprosium a metal or nonmetal
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: what number is ruthenium
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: is boron a metal
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: Describe Dubnium.
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: What's the symbol for Polonium?
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: what group is silicon in
A: Silicon is in group 14, period 3.

Q: what period and group is sodium in
A: Sodium is in group 1, period 3.

Q: which element is atomic number 20
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: what does h stand for
A: H is Hydrogen, element number 1.

Q: what number is technetium on the periodic table
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: how do you write iodine
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: Which element is number 113?
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: tell me about the element strontium
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about meitnerium
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: What type of element is Fermium?
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: What family is Einsteinium in?
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: Hf is which element?
A: Hf is Hafnium, element number 72.

Q: What period and group is Nitrogen in?
A: Nitrogen is in group 15, period 2.

Q: what element has atomic number 67
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: cn is which element
A: Cn is Copernicium, element number 112.

Q: what can you tell me about lanthanum
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 79?
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: What number is Rutherfordium on the periodic table?
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: What is Lithium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: What is the atomic number of Potassium?
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: describe plutonium
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Magnesium in?
A: Magnesium is in the s-block.

Q: what is the atomic number of oxygen
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: What's element number 57?
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: kr is which element
A: Kr is Krypton, element number 36.

Q: what is the atomic number of tungsten
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: which element has the symbol fe
A: Fe is Iron, element number 26.

Q: what block is uranium in
A: Uranium is in the f-block.

Q: what's gallium's atomic number
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: what is technetium
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Cobalt?
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 99?
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: what is oxygen
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: tell me about rubidium
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Osmium?
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: what element is 88
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: How do you write Nihonium?
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: tell me about palladium
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Hydrogen on the periodic table?
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Tungsten?
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: Ho is which element?
A: Ho is Holmium, element number 67.

Q: What is group 1?
A: Group 1 is the alkali metals, plus hydrogen.

Q: describe cadmium
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Mercury.
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: which element is am
A: Am is Americium, element number 95.

Q: What is Oxygen?
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what does rf stand for
A: Rf is Rutherfordium, element number 104.

Q: tell me about the element sulfur
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Samarium in?
A: Samarium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Give me info on Cesium.
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Rutherfordium in?
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: What's Holmium's atomic number?
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: What element has atomic number 89?
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: what's element number 5
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: what family is germanium in
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: Is Roentgenium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: what does cd stand for
A: Cd is Cadmium, element number 48.

Q: what is aluminium
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of thorium
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: tell me about the element copper
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Radon?
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: What does Tm stand for?
A: Tm is Thulium, element number 69.

Q: what element has atomic number 19
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: what number is carbon on the periodic table
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: what is tin
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write osmium
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: What state is Sulfur at room temperature?
A: Sulfur is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 30?
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: What is the atomic number of Platinum?
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: what is boron's symbol
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: what block is sodium in
A: Sodium is in the s-block.

Q: What element has atomic number 114?
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: What can you tell me about Neptunium?
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Iron.
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 85
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: tell me about the element cadmium
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for hydrogen
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: How do you write Rhenium?
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: what type of element is molybdenum
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: what does cn stand for
A: Cn is Copernicium, element number 112.

Q: What element has atomic number 37?
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: Tell me about Dubnium.
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: What element is Re?
A: Re is Rhenium, element number 75.

Q: What's element number 21?
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: What is element 3?
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: which element is ta
A: Ta is Tantalum, element number 73.

Q: what is copper's symbol
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: What element has atomic number 100?
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: is cesium a metal
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: What block is Copernicium in?
A: Copernicium is in the d-block.

Q: What element has atomic number 11?
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of hassium
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: What category is Zinc?
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: which element has the symbol sb
A: Sb is Antimony, element number 51.

Q: What block is Carbon in?
A: Carbon is in the p-block.

Q: Describe Einsteinium.
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: What element is Cm?
A: Cm is Curium, element number 96.

Q: Tell me about the element Lithium.
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 62?
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: What element has atomic number 2?
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: describe thulium
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on flerovium
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: Moscovium is which element number?
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: What can you tell me about Oxygen?
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is manganese
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 24
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: what number is neon
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: what number is platinum on the periodic table
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: what element is dy
A: Dy is Dysprosium, element number 66.

Q: Is Oganesson a metal?
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: What does W stand for?
A: W is Tungsten, element number 74.

Q: Which element has the symbol Be?
A: Be is Beryllium, element number 4.

Q: Give me info on Promethium.
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for nihonium
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: Is Cadmium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Cadmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Einsteinium is which element number?
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: what element has atomic number 7
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: what is hafnium
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 75
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: What type of element is Barium?
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Be is which element?
A: Be is Beryllium, element number 4.

Q: What type of element is Nitrogen?
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: what group is nobelium in
A: Nobelium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: describe fluorine
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What category is Tungsten?
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: describe polonium
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 49
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: which element has the symbol na
A: Na is Sodium, element number 11.

Q: erbium is which element number
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: What element is Te?
A: Te is Tellurium, element number 52.

Q: what number is curium
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: where is antimony on the periodic table
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: What is element 30?
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: Is Iridium a metal?
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Roentgenium a metal?
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Nitrogen.
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What group is Uranium in?
A: Uranium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What is Zinc's symbol?
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: What is element 77?
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: what's zinc's atomic number
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: what group is molybdenum in
A: Molybdenum is in group 6, period 5.

Q: what's einsteinium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: Tell me about Aluminium.
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Pu stand for?
A: Pu is Plutonium, element number 94.

Q: Which element is atomic number 13?
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: What is the heaviest element?
A: Oganesson is the heaviest element, atomic number 118.

Q: What state is Hydrogen at room temperature?
A: Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 12?
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: What state is Arsenic at room temperature?
A: Arsenic is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's rubidium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: which element is number 86
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: what does ti stand for
A: Ti is Titanium, element number 22.

Q: Tell me about Tungsten.
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what state is rhenium at room temperature
A: Rhenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Niobium.
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's promethium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: What is Roentgenium?
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: What is Helium?
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of plutonium
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: which element is atomic number 91
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: which element is number 87
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: tell me about hydrogen
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What category is Meitnerium?
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: What group is Oganesson in?
A: Oganesson is in group 18, period 7.

Q: what kind of element is potassium
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: what family is oganesson in
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: give me a noble gas
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: Name some post-transition metals.
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: what state is thorium at room temperature
A: Thorium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 12
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: what period and group is dubnium in
A: Dubnium is in group 5, period 7.

Q: what element is 40
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: What does Sb stand for?
A: Sb is Antimony, element number 51.

Q: What's the symbol for Phosphorus?
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: what kind of element is gallium
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What number is Zirconium?
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: what category is iodine
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: What's Tin's atomic number?
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: what is the symbol for sodium
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: Tell me about Samarium.
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Md?
A: Md is Mendelevium, element number 101.

Q: is terbium a metal
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is Americium?
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: what state is arsenic at room temperature
A: Arsenic is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is oganesson in
A: Oganesson is in group 18, period 7.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of promethium
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: what element has atomic number 42
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: What element is Co?
A: Co is Cobalt, element number 27.

Q: which element is number 106
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: tell me about the element oganesson
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: Tell me about the element Uranium.
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is argon in
A: Argon is in group 18, period 3.

Q: what's cerium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: tell me about flerovium
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: What does Co stand for?
A: Co is Cobalt, element number 27.

Q: Is Hafnium a metal?
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about nihonium
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Tin.
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Nobelium.
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: What is the symbol for Darmstadtium?
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: is selenium a metal or nonmetal
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: what type of element is technetium
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 82
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: what category is manganese
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: What is element 36?
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: what element has atomic number 25
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: Give me info on Lithium.
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 3
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: What's Europium's atomic number?
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: what is helium
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: how do you write cadmium
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: what is the atomic number of sodium
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: What block is Boron in?
A: Boron is in the p-block.

Q: what's element number 79
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: What kind of element is Radon?
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: Where is Oxygen on the periodic table?
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Palladium?
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: th is which element
A: Th is Thorium, element number 90.

Q: what is niobium's symbol
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: What's the symbol for Thulium?
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: Which element is atomic number 63?
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: what category is moscovium
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what's the symbol for iridium
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: what family is scandium in
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: what type of element is mendelevium
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: What's Mendelevium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: is californium a metal or nonmetal
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: How do you write Thulium?
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: what kind of element is nitrogen
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: How do you write Carbon?
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: is silicon a metal
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: Which element is He?
A: He is Helium, element number 2.

Q: what's element number 67
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: Cn is which element?
A: Cn is Copernicium, element number 112.

Q: What is the atomic number of Aluminium?
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: What period and group is Francium in?
A: Francium is in group 1, period 7.

Q: Which element is number 64?
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: What state is Rhenium at room temperature?
A: Rhenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Californium in?
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: what's zirconium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: What's the symbol for Mercury?
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: give me a alkali metal
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: What number is Lanthanum?
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: Nd is which element?
A: Nd is Neodymium, element number 60.

Q: what does sc stand for
A: Sc is Scandium, element number 21.

Q: What is the symbol for Cobalt?
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: What's the symbol for Helium?
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: rhenium is which element number
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: Which element is atomic number 39?
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: rn is which element
A: Rn is Radon, element number 86.

Q: what is element 23
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: What is the atomic number of Manganese?
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: which element is ru
A: Ru is Ruthenium, element number 44.

Q: What group is Potassium in?
A: Potassium is in group 1, period 4.

Q: what type of element is ytterbium
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: Is Tennessine a metal or nonmetal?
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: What group is Mendelevium in?
A: Mendelevium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What family is Vanadium in?
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: is magnesium a metal
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What's the symbol for Seaborgium?
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: How do you write Oganesson?
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: is sulfur a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Sulfur is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is europium in
A: Europium is in the f-block.

Q: which element is number 56
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: Which element is atomic number 70?
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: what block is sulfur in
A: Sulfur is in the p-block.

Q: what number is gallium
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: Sm is which element?
A: Sm is Samarium, element number 62.

Q: Name some noble gases.
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: Where is Lawrencium on the periodic table?
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: Which element is Tc?
A: Tc is Technetium, element number 43.

Q: what are the halogens
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: How many chemical elements exist?
A: There are 118 known chemical elements.

Q: What block is Iodine in?
A: Iodine is in the p-block.

Q: tell me about the element gallium
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of curium
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: Which element has the symbol Re?
A: Re is Rhenium, element number 75.

Q: what is the symbol for oganesson
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: What's Bromine's atomic number?
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: What does Fr stand for?
A: Fr is Francium, element number 87.

Q: what does ca stand for
A: Ca is Calcium, element number 20.

Q: pd is which element
A: Pd is Palladium, element number 46.

Q: which element has the symbol tm
A: Tm is Thulium, element number 69.

Q: what element is 91
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: What element has atomic number 45?
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: What element is Cs?
A: Cs is Cesium, element number 55.

Q: what is the symbol for carbon
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Boron?
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: is hydrogen a metal or nonmetal
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: what kind of element is titanium
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: is radium a metal or nonmetal
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what number is sulfur on the periodic table
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: is chlorine a metal
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: What kind of element is Dubnium?
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: What's Platinum's atomic number?
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: What's the symbol for Nihonium?
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: is antimony a metal
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: What group is Neptunium in?
A: Neptunium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: zinc is which element number
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: What is the symbol for Bohrium?
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: what family is lanthanum in
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: what is element 22
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: Which element has the symbol Au?
A: Au is Gold, element number 79.

Q: What category is Rhodium?
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element fermium
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: Which element is atomic number 52?
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: what number is holmium
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: What element is Gd?
A: Gd is Gadolinium, element number 64.

Q: What is Aluminium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: Give me info on Krypton.
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: What is the symbol for Nobelium?
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: what family is uranium in
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: where is vanadium on the periodic table
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: What state is Aluminium at room temperature?
A: Aluminium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about copernicium
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: Which element is I?
A: I is Iodine, element number 53.

Q: what type of element is seaborgium
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: What's Boron's atomic number?
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: What period and group is Iron in?
A: Iron is in group 8, period 4.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Nitrogen?
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: what is scandium
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Sodium on the periodic table?
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: What's Tin's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: what number is antimony
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: Which element is atomic number 30?
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: which element is atomic number 10
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: What block is Astatine in?
A: Astatine is in the p-block.

Q: describe gadolinium
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does kr stand for
A: Kr is Krypton, element number 36.

Q: what block is californium in
A: Californium is in the f-block.

Q: is astatine a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Astatine is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Molybdenum?
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: Is Strontium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what state is rubidium at room temperature
A: Rubidium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Cadmium?
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: What family is Tantalum in?
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: Give me info on Strontium.
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is krypton
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: What element has atomic number 91?
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: Manganese is which element number?
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: What is Ruthenium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: What period and group is Tin in?
A: Tin is in group 14, period 5.

Q: What group is Cerium in?
A: Cerium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what's element number 45
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Gadolinium?
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: Thulium is which element number?
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: is promethium a metal
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is atomic number 81
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: What family is Indium in?
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of rhenium
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: What category is Protactinium?
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: which element is number 93
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: what can you tell me about nickel
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 65
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: Is Lithium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Lithium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's tennessine's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: what kind of element is protactinium
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: describe osmium
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does nh stand for
A: Nh is Nihonium, element number 113.

Q: Which element has the symbol Kr?
A: Kr is Krypton, element number 36.

Q: what can you tell me about boron
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol kr
A: Kr is Krypton, element number 36.

Q: Which element is number 26?
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: what's element number 97
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: what can you tell me about xenon
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: what is the atomic number of tantalum
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Niobium?
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: What number is Erbium on the periodic table?
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: What is the atomic number of Carbon?
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: What is Livermorium?
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about erbium
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Potassium at room temperature?
A: Potassium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Germanium.
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 57?
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: Selenium is which element number?
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: what's holmium's atomic number
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: What is the symbol for Hafnium?
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: What is Bohrium?
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 17
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: What number is Palladium?
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: Tell me about the element Nihonium.
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: What does Tl stand for?
A: Tl is Thallium, element number 81.

Q: What's element number 83?
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: Give me info on Tin.
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what state is hafnium at room temperature
A: Hafnium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of tungsten
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: what group is holmium in
A: Holmium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What category is Lithium?
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: which element has the symbol te
A: Te is Tellurium, element number 52.

Q: what's element number 57
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: What block is Livermorium in?
A: Livermorium is in the p-block.

Q: thulium is which element number
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: Describe Nobelium.
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: dy is which element
A: Dy is Dysprosium, element number 66.

Q: How do you write Manganese?
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: What's Darmstadtium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: tell me about terbium
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Tennessine's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: what category is helium
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: What kind of element is Xenon?
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: what number is tantalum
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: ra is which element
A: Ra is Radium, element number 88.

Q: Aluminium is which element number?
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: what is chromium
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Thulium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: What's Titanium's atomic number?
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: Which element has the symbol Bi?
A: Bi is Bismuth, element number 83.

Q: what element is 62
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: Is Tin a metal or nonmetal?
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: What type of element is Lawrencium?
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: describe hassium
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: which element has the symbol ds
A: Ds is Darmstadtium, element number 110.

Q: what element is 112
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: gd is which element
A: Gd is Gadolinium, element number 64.

Q: What is the symbol for Strontium?
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: what is the atomic number of silver
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: What can you tell me about Sodium?
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of strontium
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: give me info on californium
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: What is the symbol for Palladium?
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: How do you write Barium?
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: what category is silicon
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: what number is argon
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: Which element is Os?
A: Os is Osmium, element number 76.

Q: is plutonium a metal or nonmetal
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: describe dubnium
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: what is element 111
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: Describe Molybdenum.
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Scandium on the periodic table?
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: what is the atomic number of lead
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: what is thallium's symbol
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: what family is bromine in
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: What state is Calcium at room temperature?
A: Calcium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's thulium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: what is radon
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: What element has atomic number 76?
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: what element is rb
A: Rb is Rubidium, element number 37.

Q: Is Bromine a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Bromine is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Zirconium at room temperature?
A: Zirconium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is mt
A: Mt is Meitnerium, element number 109.

Q: What's Cadmium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: what's tantalum's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: what block is technetium in
A: Technetium is in the d-block.

Q: what is element 59
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: what is element 11
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: what's nihonium's atomic number
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: What is Rubidium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: How do you write Americium?
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: Which element is number 31?
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of neodymium
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: what kind of element is osmium
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 89
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: what is the symbol for praseodymium
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: how do you write bohrium
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ni?
A: Ni is Nickel, element number 28.

Q: Which element is number 46?
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: what's element number 47
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: What category is Selenium?
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: Show me the transition metals.
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: Is Tellurium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Tellurium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 56
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: What number is Tantalum on the periodic table?
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: What period and group is Osmium in?
A: Osmium is in group 8, period 6.

Q: Tell me about Europium.
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Tin on the periodic table?
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: what is neodymium
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Curium?
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: What block is Barium in?
A: Barium is in the s-block.

Q: tell me about the element protactinium
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Americium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: What's element number 115?
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Rhodium?
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: what kind of element is magnesium
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What is Nihonium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: What's Livermorium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: which element has the symbol cl
A: Cl is Chlorine, element number 17.

Q: What can you tell me about Potassium?
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is thulium
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: tell me about berkelium
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of phosphorus
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: What is Fluorine?
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Mo is which element?
A: Mo is Molybdenum, element number 42.

Q: what block is erbium in
A: Erbium is in the f-block.

Q: what group is gadolinium in
A: Gadolinium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Which elements are post-transition metals?
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: What kind of element is Rutherfordium?
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: is tin a metal
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for ytterbium
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: what group is hydrogen in
A: Hydrogen is in group 1, period 1.

Q: where is silver on the periodic table
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: Which element is Th?
A: Th is Thorium, element number 90.

Q: what is the atomic number of ytterbium
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: Osmium is which element number?
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: What element is 69?
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: what's element number 72
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: Y is which element?
A: Y is Yttrium, element number 39.

Q: what period and group is thulium in
A: Thulium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Name some lanthanides.
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: Tell me about the element Oxygen.
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about rhodium
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is mercury in
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: what's cadmium's atomic number
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: Tell me about Copper.
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Au?
A: Au is Gold, element number 79.

Q: What element is Tl?
A: Tl is Thallium, element number 81.

Q: What is Californium?
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: What state is Iodine at room temperature?
A: Iodine is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about ruthenium
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 41?
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: what kind of element is sulfur
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: what block is holmium in
A: Holmium is in the f-block.

Q: What group is Bromine in?
A: Bromine is in group 17, period 4.

Q: Tell me about the element Germanium.
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for chlorine
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: give me info on tin
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Ti?
A: Ti is Titanium, element number 22.

Q: which element is atomic number 111
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: what's the symbol for lawrencium
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Einsteinium?
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: what's element number 11
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: is barium a metal or nonmetal
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: give me info on nickel
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is rubidium
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: what can you tell me about arsenic
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Titanium.
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Es?
A: Es is Einsteinium, element number 99.

Q: What element is Hs?
A: Hs is Hassium, element number 108.

Q: Which element has the symbol Zn?
A: Zn is Zinc, element number 30.

Q: What group is Tennessine in?
A: Tennessine is in group 17, period 7.

Q: what period and group is tennessine in
A: Tennessine is in group 17, period 7.

Q: what's vanadium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: sulfur is which element number
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: what period and group is cobalt in
A: Cobalt is in group 9, period 4.

Q: what number is palladium on the periodic table
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: which element is number 38
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: what is element 1
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: give me info on polonium
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for hassium
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: What group is Ruthenium in?
A: Ruthenium is in group 8, period 5.

Q: tell me about phosphorus
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of helium
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: What does No stand for?
A: No is Nobelium, element number 102.

Q: describe hafnium
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Actinium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: What's Zirconium's atomic number?
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: What is Mendelevium?
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: What is the symbol for Krypton?
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: which element is atomic number 36
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Hassium?
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: What kind of element is Einsteinium?
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: which element is number 7
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: What does Fl stand for?
A: Fl is Flerovium, element number 114.

Q: Which element is atomic number 118?
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: how do you write americium
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: tell me about einsteinium
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: what's strontium's atomic number
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: is antimony a metal or nonmetal
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: What type of element is Lutetium?
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of moscovium
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: What can you tell me about Molybdenum?
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's strontium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: What block is Neptunium in?
A: Neptunium is in the f-block.

Q: What does Cu stand for?
A: Cu is Copper, element number 29.

Q: Where is Molybdenum on the periodic table?
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: what group is potassium in
A: Potassium is in group 1, period 4.

Q: what's element number 100
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: What group is Europium in?
A: Europium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What is Terbium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: what's the symbol for barium
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: Where is Palladium on the periodic table?
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: give me info on lawrencium
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: which element is lu
A: Lu is Lutetium, element number 71.

Q: Tell me about Berkelium.
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: Is Scandium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: what is element 34
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: what type of element is meitnerium
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 92
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: what's element number 55
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: What's Lead's atomic number?
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: give me info on tellurium
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element krypton
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: what is the atomic number of titanium
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: What's Protactinium's atomic number?
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: what is the atomic number of fermium
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: Tell me about Curium.
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: what element is 105
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: what type of element is flerovium
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 18?
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: what number is praseodymium on the periodic table
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: Is Chlorine a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Chlorine is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Palladium?
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is scandium a metal or nonmetal
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Osmium on the periodic table?
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: what's the symbol for helium
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: What kind of element is Chromium?
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: what is argon
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: Which element is atomic number 93?
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: What is Flerovium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: Name some transition metals.
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: what's element number 41
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: is lead a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Lead is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's selenium's atomic number
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: which element is atomic number 7
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: What can you tell me about Roentgenium?
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Europium.
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 108?
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: Bk is which element?
A: Bk is Berkelium, element number 97.

Q: What state is Cesium at room temperature?
A: Cesium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's tungsten's atomic number
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: What number is Tungsten on the periodic table?
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: where is lutetium on the periodic table
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: what number is radium
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Actinium?
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: what does re stand for
A: Re is Rhenium, element number 75.

Q: What element is 88?
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: what element is tl
A: Tl is Thallium, element number 81.

Q: what is the symbol for samarium
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: What element has atomic number 17?
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: O is which element?
A: O is Oxygen, element number 8.

Q: What element is Zn?
A: Zn is Zinc, element number 30.

Q: What family is Tungsten in?
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: Is Helium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: What is Hafnium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: tell me about the element nobelium
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: What does B stand for?
A: B is Boron, element number 5.

Q: Give me info on Potassium.
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is cesium's symbol
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: What is Europium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: How do you write Promethium?
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: what's roentgenium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: tell me about potassium
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: mo is which element
A: Mo is Molybdenum, element number 42.

Q: what does db stand for
A: Db is Dubnium, element number 105.

Q: What is Radium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: What can you tell me about Gallium?
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is ga
A: Ga is Gallium, element number 31.

Q: What is element 34?
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: what does lr stand for
A: Lr is Lawrencium, element number 103.

Q: what is palladium's symbol
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: what kind of element is zinc
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Potassium?
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: what's the symbol for strontium
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: What's Strontium's atomic number?
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: what's element number 3
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: what period and group is holmium in
A: Holmium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Is Barium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Barium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's beryllium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: What is the atomic number of Seaborgium?
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: which element is number 79
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: What element has atomic number 78?
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: Is Radium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Radium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Tin?
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: What element is Rg?
A: Rg is Roentgenium, element number 111.

Q: Tell me about Lanthanum.
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe hydrogen
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What block is Americium in?
A: Americium is in the f-block.

Q: What number is Potassium?
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: Which element is Cs?
A: Cs is Cesium, element number 55.

Q: is gadolinium a metal
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is americium's symbol
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of indium
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: Is Rhenium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Sodium.
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 39?
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: Which element is atomic number 74?
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: What's element number 60?
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: what is the symbol for sulfur
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: How do you write Sulfur?
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: which element is atomic number 99
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: antimony is which element number
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: What category is Europium?
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: what number is xenon on the periodic table
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: What number is Argon?
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: which element is ir
A: Ir is Iridium, element number 77.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of thulium
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: which element is cm
A: Cm is Curium, element number 96.

Q: What kind of element is Promethium?
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: what element is v
A: V is Vanadium, element number 23.

Q: Which element is number 68?
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: which element is atomic number 16
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: is titanium a metal or nonmetal
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: what group is radon in
A: Radon is in group 18, period 6.

Q: give me info on platinum
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of americium
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: What is Protactinium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: which element is pt
A: Pt is Platinum, element number 78.

Q: What's the symbol for Lawrencium?
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: what type of element is aluminium
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what element is 75
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: What category is Nitrogen?
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: What kind of element is Rhenium?
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: is manganese a metal or nonmetal
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: What's Beryllium's atomic number?
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: Which element is atomic number 56?
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: what is the atomic number of neodymium
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: What period and group is Carbon in?
A: Carbon is in group 14, period 2.

Q: What does N stand for?
A: N is Nitrogen, element number 7.

Q: Tell me about the element Meitnerium.
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: is phosphorus a metal or nonmetal
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: How do you write Rubidium?
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: which element is atomic number 77
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: how do you write vanadium
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: What block is Tantalum in?
A: Tantalum is in the d-block.

Q: What family is group 17?
A: Group 17 is the halogens.

Q: What category is Polonium?
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what's the symbol for selenium
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: what element is 74
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: What period and group is Chlorine in?
A: Chlorine is in group 17, period 3.

Q: which element is li
A: Li is Lithium, element number 3.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Californium?
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: what element is 32
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: what number is indium on the periodic table
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: what category is tin
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: what's moscovium's atomic number
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: which element is number 22
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: is carbon a metal
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: What can you tell me about Phosphorus?
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 111
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: What's the symbol for Oganesson?
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: how do you write moscovium
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: what is the symbol for gadolinium
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: Tell me about Darmstadtium.
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: How do you write Neptunium?
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: what's the symbol for actinium
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: How do you write Einsteinium?
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: What element is 104?
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: tell me about seaborgium
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: What is Calcium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: what period and group is argon in
A: Argon is in group 18, period 3.

Q: what category is bismuth
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Gallium?
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about americium
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: how do you write silicon
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: Tell me about the element Neon.
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: copernicium is which element number
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: Which element is atomic number 67?
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: Which element is Pb?
A: Pb is Lead, element number 82.

Q: What's Gadolinium's atomic number?
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: which element has the symbol th
A: Th is Thorium, element number 90.

Q: What's element number 81?
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: Which element has the symbol Hf?
A: Hf is Hafnium, element number 72.

Q: give me info on bromine
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 105
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: Which element is number 112?
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: what is tennessine
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: what is element 84
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: What can you tell me about Hassium?
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: what element is ds
A: Ds is Darmstadtium, element number 110.

Q: What's element number 30?
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: which element is number 29
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: Describe Rhenium.
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Fluorine's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: Describe Manganese.
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Cobalt in?
A: Cobalt is in group 9, period 4.

Q: which element is number 8
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: what's element number 54
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: What period and group is Chromium in?
A: Chromium is in group 6, period 4.

Q: what does mg stand for
A: Mg is Magnesium, element number 12.

Q: What's the symbol for Neon?
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: name some alkaline earth metals
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: give me info on lithium
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Dysprosium.
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Flerovium's atomic number?
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: Which element is number 5?
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: Describe Fluorine.
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: is platinum a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Platinum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for livermorium
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: What type of element is Tantalum?
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: mc is which element
A: Mc is Moscovium, element number 115.

Q: where is mercury on the periodic table
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: What is Gold?
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Sb is which element?
A: Sb is Antimony, element number 51.

Q: What element has atomic number 108?
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: What group is Berkelium in?
A: Berkelium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: how do you write thulium
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: Polonium is which element number?
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: What's element number 116?
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: tell me about neptunium
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Tantalum?
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: what does pm stand for
A: Pm is Promethium, element number 61.

Q: what is thorium
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Krypton?
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: what's cesium's atomic number
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: aluminium is which element number
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: what's fermium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: What family is Thorium in?
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: which element is number 59
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: What is the atomic number of Neon?
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: give me info on darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: Give me info on Nihonium.
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: Is Iron a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Iron is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 24?
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: What family is Chlorine in?
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: What period and group is Beryllium in?
A: Beryllium is in group 2, period 2.

Q: Which element is atomic number 116?
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: Tell me about Zinc.
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Tl?
A: Tl is Thallium, element number 81.

Q: What can you tell me about Yttrium?
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on hydrogen
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what family is nobelium in
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: Is Thulium a metal?
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: xenon is which element number
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: tell me about copper
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Tennessine on the periodic table?
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: Is Thulium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: what's element number 104
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: What kind of element is Hassium?
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: What does Er stand for?
A: Er is Erbium, element number 68.

Q: what is the symbol for cobalt
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: What number is Sodium on the periodic table?
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: what group is ytterbium in
A: Ytterbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: is chromium a metal
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: is copernicium a metal or nonmetal
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: What period and group is Livermorium in?
A: Livermorium is in group 16, period 7.

Q: What's Ruthenium's atomic number?
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: give me info on lanthanum
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol o
A: O is Oxygen, element number 8.

Q: Which element is atomic number 100?
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Zinc?
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: What is the symbol for Argon?
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: Tl is which element?
A: Tl is Thallium, element number 81.

Q: What number is Tin on the periodic table?
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: what group is nitrogen in
A: Nitrogen is in group 15, period 2.

Q: what's element number 24
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: what's radon's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: Which element is number 30?
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: what group is platinum in
A: Platinum is in group 10, period 6.

Q: is oganesson a metal
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: what state is osmium at room temperature
A: Osmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Erbium in?
A: Erbium is in the f-block.

Q: which element is al
A: Al is Aluminium, element number 13.

Q: What block is Francium in?
A: Francium is in the s-block.

Q: What element is 59?
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: what is the periodic table
A: The periodic table arranges the chemical elements by atomic number into periods and groups.

Q: What number is Einsteinium on the periodic table?
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: Tell me about the element Tennessine.
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: What's Nitrogen's atomic number?
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: What is Copper's symbol?
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: chromium is which element number
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: what's mercury's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: What's Lanthanum's atomic number?
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: what is element 85
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: what is sodium
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Terbium?
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: Which element is Sc?
A: Sc is Scandium, element number 21.

Q: what's element number 109
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: what's neon's atomic number
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: Which element has the symbol At?
A: At is Astatine, element number 85.

Q: which element is eu
A: Eu is Europium, element number 63.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of polonium
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: What kind of element is Moscovium?
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What's the symbol for Rhenium?
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: what number is silicon on the periodic table
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: what can you tell me about radon
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: What period and group is Indium in?
A: Indium is in group 13, period 5.

Q: eu is which element
A: Eu is Europium, element number 63.

Q: what number is chromium
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: What is the symbol for Beryllium?
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: List the noble gases.
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: what's element number 26
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: What is Rutherfordium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: what can you tell me about promethium
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Co is which element?
A: Co is Cobalt, element number 27.

Q: What kind of element is Samarium?
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: what does mo stand for
A: Mo is Molybdenum, element number 42.

Q: Which element is Cn?
A: Cn is Copernicium, element number 112.

Q: Is Tantalum a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Tantalum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Gold?
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: what is moscovium's symbol
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: Tell me about Lutetium.
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is nobelium's symbol
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ca?
A: Ca is Calcium, element number 20.

Q: What is Berkelium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: which element has the symbol ni
A: Ni is Nickel, element number 28.

Q: What element has atomic number 38?
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: what's nihonium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: What is the atomic number of Lawrencium?
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: What is group 2?
A: Group 2 is the alkaline earth metals.

Q: what number is iridium
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: What is element 96?
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: what number is krypton
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: which element is number 55
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: what is the atomic number of samarium
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: which element is og
A: Og is Oganesson, element number 118.

Q: What state is Europium at room temperature?
A: Europium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Rhenium a metal?
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: zirconium is which element number
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: What is a column on the periodic table?
A: A group is a vertical column of the periodic table. There are eighteen groups.

Q: What family is Berkelium in?
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: what number is oganesson on the periodic table
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: which element is s
A: S is Sulfur, element number 16.

Most elements are metals. The metals include the alkali metals, alkaline earth metals, transition metals, post-transition metals, lanthanides, and actinides. Nonmetals, metalloids, halogens, and noble gases make up the rest.

Q: what state is selenium at room temperature
A: Selenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ru?
A: Ru is Ruthenium, element number 44.

Q: what's krypton's atomic number
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: tell me about the element antimony
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 40?
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: Which element is B?
A: B is Boron, element number 5.

Q: how do you write sulfur
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: what kind of element is fermium
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: What is the symbol for Seaborgium?
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: what is element 41
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: is dubnium a metal
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: what group is bohrium in
A: Bohrium is in group 7, period 7.

Q: what can you tell me about bromine
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Mendelevium.
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: What kind of element is Palladium?
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: is niobium a metal
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: what's element number 113
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: which element has the symbol zr
A: Zr is Zirconium, element number 40.

Q: What kind of element is Magnesium?
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what group is lead in
A: Lead is in group 14, period 6.

Q: What block is Californium in?
A: Californium is in the f-block.

Q: what type of element is lawrencium
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: where is cesium on the periodic table
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: what element is 12
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: what block is thallium in
A: Thallium is in the p-block.

Q: What block is Cobalt in?
A: Cobalt is in the d-block.

Q: What kind of element is Ruthenium?
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Manganese.
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Lawrencium?
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: Which element is number 118?
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: What's Erbium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: What can you tell me about Actinium?
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 12
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: what is element 95
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: which element is atomic number 24
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: Which element is number 114?
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: what does te stand for
A: Te is Tellurium, element number 52.

Q: What family is Lawrencium in?
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: what's silver's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: What's the symbol for Silver?
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: What is the symbol for Lutetium?
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: tell me about nickel
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Antimony at room temperature?
A: Antimony is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is phosphorus in
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: what number is darmstadtium on the periodic table
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: What is Potassium?
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is ruthenium
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: what category is rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: What state is Osmium at room temperature?
A: Osmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 60?
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: what's praseodymium's atomic number
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: what category is yttrium
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 107
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: What category is Uranium?
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: which element is number 61
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: what is the atomic number of francium
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: What kind of element is Aluminium?
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: How do you write Curium?
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: What number is Copper?
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: What number is Plutonium on the periodic table?
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: what's rhodium's atomic number
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: Which element is Fr?
A: Fr is Francium, element number 87.

Q: what element is 30
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: What's element number 77?
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: give me info on bohrium
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: what element is 118
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: What block is Rhenium in?
A: Rhenium is in the d-block.

Q: Is Californium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: which element is atomic number 6
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: what family is palladium in
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: what element is 73
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: what element is cs
A: Cs is Cesium, element number 55.

Q: What's the symbol for Selenium?
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: what family is terbium in
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: What period and group is Rutherfordium in?
A: Rutherfordium is in group 4, period 7.

Q: what period and group is zirconium in
A: Zirconium is in group 4, period 5.

Q: What does Hs stand for?
A: Hs is Hassium, element number 108.

Q: is scandium a metal
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: what state is cadmium at room temperature
A: Cadmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 44?
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: Is Lithium a metal?
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: What element is 103?
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: what state is hydrogen at room temperature
A: Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 76
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: what's lithium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: list the lanthanides
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: What kind of element is Scandium?
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about livermorium
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: tell me about rhenium
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Sn?
A: Sn is Tin, element number 50.

Q: what element has atomic number 114
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: Is Zirconium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Zirconium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is rhodium in
A: Rhodium is in group 9, period 5.

Q: Tell me about Hydrogen.
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What block is Rubidium in?
A: Rubidium is in the s-block.

Q: What kind of element is Protactinium?
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: what is the atomic number of rhodium
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: What period and group is Radium in?
A: Radium is in group 2, period 7.

Q: tell me about the element bismuth
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Cesium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: What is the atomic number of Molybdenum?
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: what is the symbol for francium
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: What's element number 4?
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: Which element is number 39?
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: What element has atomic number 22?
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: what's the symbol for rutherfordium
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: Which element is number 98?
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: Is Praseodymium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is carbon's symbol
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: Tell me about the element Tantalum.
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Holmium.
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 20?
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: What element is 45?
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: Where is Tennessine on the periodic table?
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: what period and group is chromium in
A: Chromium is in group 6, period 4.

Q: what element has atomic number 66
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: what number is bismuth on the periodic table
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: Which element is number 16?
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: what does sr stand for
A: Sr is Strontium, element number 38.

Q: is lanthanum a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Lanthanum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Ti is which element?
A: Ti is Titanium, element number 22.

Q: Which element is number 77?
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: Describe Thorium.
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Hg is which element?
A: Hg is Mercury, element number 80.

Q: fluorine is which element number
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: what is the atomic number of neptunium
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: what is tellurium
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Holmium a metal?
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is Barium?
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 112
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: what element has atomic number 79
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: What does Ds stand for?
A: Ds is Darmstadtium, element number 110.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Platinum?
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: Is Lithium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: Which element has the symbol Cr?
A: Cr is Chromium, element number 24.

Q: what element is b
A: B is Boron, element number 5.

Q: Describe Scandium.
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which elements are transition metals
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: What element is 1?
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: what family is mendelevium in
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: how do you write carbon
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: What can you tell me about Nitrogen?
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element neptunium
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for bromine
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: what's element number 106
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: is polonium a metal or nonmetal
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Actinium.
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is carbon
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: how do you write dubnium
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: tell me about cadmium
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Cobalt on the periodic table?
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: Is Oganesson a metal or nonmetal?
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: describe rhenium
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is flerovium in
A: Flerovium is in the p-block.

Q: Germanium is which element number?
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: what family is sodium in
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: Which element is V?
A: V is Vanadium, element number 23.

Q: what is the symbol for cesium
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: Is Titanium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Titanium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write ruthenium
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: what state is rhodium at room temperature
A: Rhodium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Sulfur's atomic number?
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: which element has the symbol am
A: Am is Americium, element number 95.

Q: what number is tantalum on the periodic table
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: is magnesium a metal or nonmetal
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Curium is which element number?
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: Is Curium a metal?
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: Hs is which element?
A: Hs is Hassium, element number 108.

Q: what family is meitnerium in
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: is livermorium a metal or nonmetal
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: tell me about ytterbium
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Po?
A: Po is Polonium, element number 84.

Q: what can you tell me about potassium
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Nobelium on the periodic table?
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: what's zinc's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: What family is Niobium in?
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: What's the symbol for Yttrium?
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: Which element has the symbol Nd?
A: Nd is Neodymium, element number 60.

Q: what kind of element is aluminium
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: boron is which element number
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: what's calcium's atomic number
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: How do you write Mercury?
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: what does ag stand for
A: Ag is Silver, element number 47.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Scandium?
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: Is Tellurium a metal?
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: describe sodium
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 68?
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: tell me about antimony
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is hydrogen
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: which element is number 107
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: Tell me about Barium.
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: ytterbium is which element number
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: What number is Samarium?
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: What category is Carbon?
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: What can you tell me about Arsenic?
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Osmium.
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does hg stand for
A: Hg is Mercury, element number 80.

Q: which element has the symbol i
A: I is Iodine, element number 53.

Q: What can you tell me about Barium?
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Gadolinium.
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is antimony in
A: Antimony is in the p-block.

Q: How do you write Lutetium?
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: Magnesium is which element number?
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: Show me the metalloids.
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: what state is palladium at room temperature
A: Palladium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is samarium on the periodic table
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: Which element is number 23?
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: what's element number 20
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: what element has atomic number 103
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: Which element is Ni?
A: Ni is Nickel, element number 28.

Q: What element is Pb?
A: Pb is Lead, element number 82.

Q: What does Ti stand for?
A: Ti is Titanium, element number 22.

Q: what's thallium's atomic number
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: What number is Berkelium?
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: What element is Sn?
A: Sn is Tin, element number 50.

Q: which element is number 88
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: What block is Iron in?
A: Iron is in the d-block.

Q: What number is Antimony on the periodic table?
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: describe livermorium
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: Describe Barium.
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Rhenium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: Which element is atomic number 61?
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: which element is atomic number 110
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: What category is Holmium?
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: what's chlorine's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: what are nonmetals
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: what group is chromium in
A: Chromium is in group 6, period 4.

Q: what category is phosphorus
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: how many elements are there
A: There are 118 known chemical elements.

Q: What can you tell me about Einsteinium?
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: describe magnesium
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about copernicium
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Livermorium?
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: What number is Cesium on the periodic table?
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: Is Francium a metal?
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: what block is ytterbium in
A: Ytterbium is in the f-block.

Q: what is cadmium
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Promethium is which element number?
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: what element is ce
A: Ce is Cerium, element number 58.

Q: What category is Iron?
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: What does I stand for?
A: I is Iodine, element number 53.

Q: what's element number 40
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: how do you write berkelium
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: What state is Uranium at room temperature?
A: Uranium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Seaborgium's atomic number?
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: what is titanium's symbol
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: what kind of element is chlorine
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: What category is Dysprosium?
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is number 12
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: What's Cerium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: is bromine a metal or nonmetal
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: What number is Rhodium on the periodic table?
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: Describe Gold.
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does os stand for
A: Os is Osmium, element number 76.

Q: what's thorium's atomic number
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: what family is gadolinium in
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: Give me info on Berkelium.
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: What does Po stand for?
A: Po is Polonium, element number 84.

Q: tell me about the element lead
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is co
A: Co is Cobalt, element number 27.

Q: what category is astatine
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: What element is Ba?
A: Ba is Barium, element number 56.

Q: Is Meitnerium a metal?
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: What's Ruthenium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: what family is thallium in
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ts?
A: Ts is Tennessine, element number 117.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Selenium?
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: Lv is which element?
A: Lv is Livermorium, element number 116.

Q: what block is polonium in
A: Polonium is in the p-block.

Q: Ta is which element?
A: Ta is Tantalum, element number 73.

Q: What category is Barium?
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what block is tennessine in
A: Tennessine is in the p-block.

Q: what family is thorium in
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: what is rhodium's symbol
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: What block is Chlorine in?
A: Chlorine is in the p-block.

Q: Where is Tungsten on the periodic table?
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: Rh is which element?
A: Rh is Rhodium, element number 45.

Q: what family is tellurium in
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: What block is Flerovium in?
A: Flerovium is in the p-block.

Q: is tennessine a metal
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: What is the symbol for Fluorine?
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: What element has atomic number 104?
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: Which element is Zr?
A: Zr is Zirconium, element number 40.

Q: which element is number 62
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: tell me about the element niobium
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Strontium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: which element has the symbol re
A: Re is Rhenium, element number 75.

Q: what is element 63
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: sc is which element
A: Sc is Scandium, element number 21.

Q: What group is Hydrogen in?
A: Hydrogen is in group 1, period 1.

Q: describe thallium
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Plutonium in?
A: Plutonium is in the f-block.

Q: Describe Magnesium.
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Ir?
A: Ir is Iridium, element number 77.

Q: what family is chlorine in
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: how do you write gadolinium
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: technetium is which element number
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: What can you tell me about Chromium?
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about tennessine
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: what element has atomic number 86
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: is thallium a metal or nonmetal
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What state is Sodium at room temperature?
A: Sodium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Thorium is which element number?
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: Is Indium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Indium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Rubidium?
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: ruthenium is which element number
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: what element has atomic number 23
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: What is element 109?
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: what category is xenon
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: Which element has the symbol Mc?
A: Mc is Moscovium, element number 115.

Q: where is dysprosium on the periodic table
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: What is the symbol for Tantalum?
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: what element is na
A: Na is Sodium, element number 11.

Q: Where is Lutetium on the periodic table?
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: Platinum is which element number?
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: Which element has the symbol Os?
A: Os is Osmium, element number 76.

Q: what does mn stand for
A: Mn is Manganese, element number 25.

Q: what can you tell me about rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: what number is thorium
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: which element is number 71
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: what is gold
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Palladium?
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 29?
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: Is Carbon a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Carbon is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is silver
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: Bi is which element?
A: Bi is Bismuth, element number 83.

Q: name some lanthanides
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: Sr is which element?
A: Sr is Strontium, element number 38.

Q: What number is Francium?
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: Describe Yttrium.
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 43?
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: What's Samarium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: zr is which element
A: Zr is Zirconium, element number 40.

Q: What is Moscovium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: What's element number 70?
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: What is Europium?
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Platinum.
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Plutonium in?
A: Plutonium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What block is Indium in?
A: Indium is in the p-block.

Q: osmium is which element number
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: What kind of element is Cobalt?
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Neodymium on the periodic table?
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: what's lead's atomic number
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: what is ytterbium's symbol
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Bromine?
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: What family is Holmium in?
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: what's element number 89
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: What number is Nickel?
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: What block is Oganesson in?
A: Oganesson is in the p-block.

Q: what is the symbol for yttrium
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: What's Roentgenium's atomic number?
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Cobalt?
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: Is Terbium a metal?
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: is silver a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Silver is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is lead
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: Is Cobalt a metal or nonmetal?
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: what is element 83
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: what's the symbol for molybdenum
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Americium?
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: Which element has the symbol Dy?
A: Dy is Dysprosium, element number 66.

Q: what is the symbol for barium
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: what element is es
A: Es is Einsteinium, element number 99.

Q: what's fermium's atomic number
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: What can you tell me about Erbium?
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Aluminium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is arsenic
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about nitrogen
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: give me info on terbium
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is neptunium on the periodic table
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: where is oganesson on the periodic table
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: what's the symbol for sodium
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: bk is which element
A: Bk is Berkelium, element number 97.

Q: What block is Curium in?
A: Curium is in the f-block.

Q: what element has atomic number 118
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: What does Nh stand for?
A: Nh is Nihonium, element number 113.

Q: what are the actinides
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: what group is nickel in
A: Nickel is in group 10, period 4.

Q: what element has atomic number 5
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: Tell me about the element Manganese.
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 52?
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: What kind of element is Selenium?
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: Where is Lithium on the periodic table?
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: What's the symbol for Platinum?
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: What number is Neptunium?
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: what group is hassium in
A: Hassium is in group 8, period 7.

Q: Tell me about the element Livermorium.
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Krypton.
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: Where is Copernicium on the periodic table?
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: Is Rubidium a metal?
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: tell me about indium
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 85?
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: what element has atomic number 32
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: What element is V?
A: V is Vanadium, element number 23.

Q: What's Rhenium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: what element is 15
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: Is Rubidium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Rubidium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is tellurium
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: what number is calcium on the periodic table
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: How do you write Molybdenum?
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: what element has atomic number 50
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: is lithium a metal
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Uranium?
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: What element is 19?
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: what number is magnesium
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: What number is Copper on the periodic table?
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of terbium
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: what kind of element is astatine
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: what is thulium's symbol
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: Which element is number 8?
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: what is the symbol for tennessine
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: What element has atomic number 20?
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: What kind of element is Nitrogen?
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: what is the atomic number of palladium
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: which element is number 78
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: What can you tell me about Flerovium?
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: Give me a halogen.
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: what period and group is livermorium in
A: Livermorium is in group 16, period 7.

Q: which element is rf
A: Rf is Rutherfordium, element number 104.

Q: what can you tell me about roentgenium
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: What category is Roentgenium?
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Ruthenium?
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: what can you tell me about sulfur
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does fr stand for
A: Fr is Francium, element number 87.

Q: what period and group is krypton in
A: Krypton is in group 18, period 4.

Q: Give me info on Rubidium.
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 18?
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: Tell me about Radon.
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: What's Krypton's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: what's the symbol for platinum
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: what's indium's atomic number
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: what family is rutherfordium in
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Einsteinium a metal?
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of cesium
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: what is the symbol for californium
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: What's Lithium's atomic number?
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: what group is samarium in
A: Samarium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: protactinium is which element number
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: Give me info on Thulium.
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Arsenic?
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: Where is Indium on the periodic table?
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: tell me about osmium
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Astatine on the periodic table?
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: what is a period
A: A period is a horizontal row of the periodic table. There are seven periods.

Q: what type of element is cesium
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: Mn is which element?
A: Mn is Manganese, element number 25.

Q: which element has the symbol au
A: Au is Gold, element number 79.

Q: which element is number 111
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: What period and group is Titanium in?
A: Titanium is in group 4, period 4.

Q: what block is oganesson in
A: Oganesson is in the p-block.

Q: Is Oxygen a metal or nonmetal?
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of ruthenium
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: What element is Db?
A: Db is Dubnium, element number 105.

Q: What is Nitrogen's symbol?
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: how do you write bromine
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: What is the atomic number of Chlorine?
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: selenium is which element number
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: what can you tell me about germanium
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 67?
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: which element is number 81
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: What is the symbol for Phosphorus?
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: What is element 55?
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: what number is promethium on the periodic table
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: What is Polonium?
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Titanium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: F is which element?
A: F is Fluorine, element number 9.

Q: what's rutherfordium's atomic number
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: What number is Gadolinium on the periodic table?
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: What's element number 91?
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: What can you tell me about Thulium?
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol pt
A: Pt is Platinum, element number 78.

Q: what is element 93
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: name some transition metals
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: what is the atomic number of niobium
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: What number is Livermorium?
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: bohrium is which element number
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: what's the symbol for manganese
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: What's element number 117?
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: what period and group is carbon in
A: Carbon is in group 14, period 2.

Q: is erbium a metal or nonmetal
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is bh
A: Bh is Bohrium, element number 107.

Q: what group is cerium in
A: Cerium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: is neodymium a metal
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: What number is Chromium?
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: is strontium a metal or nonmetal
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Is Vanadium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Vanadium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is calcium in
A: Calcium is in group 2, period 4.

Q: tell me about the element mendelevium
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: Is Argon a metal or nonmetal?
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: how do you write hassium
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: What is Uranium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: which element has the symbol bh
A: Bh is Bohrium, element number 107.

Q: ta is which element
A: Ta is Tantalum, element number 73.

Q: Which element is number 97?
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: Is Bromine a metal or nonmetal?
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: is nitrogen a metal or nonmetal
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: show me the lanthanides
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: what is the atomic number of californium
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: what category is gallium
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: rhodium is which element number
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: what number is rhodium
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of iodine
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: what state is krypton at room temperature
A: Krypton is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What element is Mc?
A: Mc is Moscovium, element number 115.

Q: what element is 5
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: What period and group is Terbium in?
A: Terbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: is chlorine a metal or nonmetal
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: Give me info on Zirconium.
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is gold on the periodic table
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: What is element 54?
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: what are metalloids?
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: What is the symbol for Cesium?
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: What element is 75?
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: what is the most abundant element in earth's crust
A: Oxygen is the most abundant element in Earth's crust.

Q: What group is Terbium in?
A: Terbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What group is Tantalum in?
A: Tantalum is in group 5, period 6.

Q: Give me info on Oganesson.
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: what number is barium on the periodic table
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: what number is neodymium on the periodic table
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: What element has atomic number 3?
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: What element is Br?
A: Br is Bromine, element number 35.

Q: which element is number 116
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: Where is Neodymium on the periodic table?
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: tell me about chlorine
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: is nobelium a metal
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Lithium?
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: what element is s
A: S is Sulfur, element number 16.

Q: Is Iodine a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Iodine is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 118?
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: What is element 22?
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: What category is Lanthanum?
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: what's francium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: which element is number 85
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: What number is Radon?
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: What is Rutherfordium?
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: what's germanium's atomic number
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: where is terbium on the periodic table
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: What state is Strontium at room temperature?
A: Strontium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Gallium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: What's the symbol for Tellurium?
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: what's the symbol for palladium
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: What element is 38?
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: What number is Hydrogen?
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: what period and group is nobelium in
A: Nobelium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: which element has the symbol ge
A: Ge is Germanium, element number 32.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of calcium
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: what does og stand for
A: Og is Oganesson, element number 118.

Q: nh is which element
A: Nh is Nihonium, element number 113.

Q: what's element number 34
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: What number is Vanadium?
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: what category is magnesium
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Which element has the symbol Pd?
A: Pd is Palladium, element number 46.

Q: What is the atomic number of Flerovium?
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: Is Dysprosium a metal?
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: What group is Krypton in?
A: Krypton is in group 18, period 4.

Q: what period and group is helium in
A: Helium is in group 18, period 1.

Q: which element is number 91
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: what category is darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element chromium
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Manganese on the periodic table?
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: What number is Cobalt?
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: What is Xenon?
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: what block is nitrogen in
A: Nitrogen is in the p-block.

Q: what's hassium's atomic number
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: Is Flerovium a metal?
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Potassium?
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: Is Strontium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Strontium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Nitrogen in?
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: What is Bromine?
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Indium?
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: is cadmium a metal
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 85
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: What is Sodium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: what does au stand for
A: Au is Gold, element number 79.

Q: what number is potassium on the periodic table
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: Tell me about Rutherfordium.
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: Np is which element?
A: Np is Neptunium, element number 93.

Q: what number is thulium on the periodic table
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: how do you write cerium
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: What's the symbol for Mendelevium?
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: tell me about protactinium
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is arsenic on the periodic table
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: What kind of element is Cesium?
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: What's Calcium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: What element is 93?
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: is hassium a metal
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: What is Argon?
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: what family is yttrium in
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: what type of element is rhenium
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: Md is which element?
A: Md is Mendelevium, element number 101.

Q: What is element 84?
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: What element has atomic number 39?
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: Europium is which element number?
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: what number is aluminium
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: what's neptunium's atomic number
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: Which element is number 86?
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: Which element has the symbol K?
A: K is Potassium, element number 19.

Q: what is the atomic number of cesium
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: Tell me about Molybdenum.
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 40?
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: What can you tell me about Holmium?
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is fermium
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: which element is number 50
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: what is the symbol for curium
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: Which element is atomic number 19?
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: How do you write Thorium?
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: What's the symbol for Chlorine?
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: what is nitrogen
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: where is hassium on the periodic table
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: which element is ga
A: Ga is Gallium, element number 31.

Q: what element is kr
A: Kr is Krypton, element number 36.

Q: which element is hs
A: Hs is Hassium, element number 108.

Q: How do you write Erbium?
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: what element has atomic number 4
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: is hafnium a metal
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: what is the atomic number of mercury
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: tell me about the element helium
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: what number is hafnium on the periodic table
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: What number is Boron?
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Seaborgium?
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: What number is Protactinium on the periodic table?
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: which element is fe
A: Fe is Iron, element number 26.

Q: what block is fermium in
A: Fermium is in the f-block.

Q: Is Gadolinium a metal?
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: where is phosphorus on the periodic table
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of germanium
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: what category is platinum
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: what's thorium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: Which element has the symbol He?
A: He is Helium, element number 2.

Q: What can you tell me about Thorium?
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 50?
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: What is the symbol for Nihonium?
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: is radium a metal
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Where is Calcium on the periodic table?
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: how do you write titanium
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: which element is i
A: I is Iodine, element number 53.

Q: what is tennessine's symbol
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: Where is Xenon on the periodic table?
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: Is Xenon a metal?
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: What is the atomic number of Cerium?
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: What is the atomic number of Mercury?
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: what's gadolinium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: nb is which element
A: Nb is Niobium, element number 41.

Q: what's iodine's atomic number
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: tell me about plutonium
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Xenon in?
A: Xenon is in the p-block.

Q: Which element is Ba?
A: Ba is Barium, element number 56.

Q: give me info on xenon
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: Tell me about Calcium.
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Db?
A: Db is Dubnium, element number 105.

Q: is bromine a metal
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: Which elements are alkaline earth metals?
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: what is lithium
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 81
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: what's plutonium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: what is neptunium
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is silver
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: is roentgenium a metal or nonmetal
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for rubidium
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: what element is 34
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: what group is rhenium in
A: Rhenium is in group 7, period 6.

Q: What group is Lithium in?
A: Lithium is in group 1, period 2.

Q: What category is Chlorine?
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: describe phosphorus
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Oxygen a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Oxygen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What element is 101?
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: What element is 83?
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: what element is re
A: Re is Rhenium, element number 75.

Q: What category is Silicon?
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: Which element is number 103?
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: what is the atomic number of zinc
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: What block is Polonium in?
A: Polonium is in the p-block.

Q: what number is boron
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: give me a transition metal
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: Which element is atomic number 114?
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: What can you tell me about Manganese?
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's oganesson's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: what's osmium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: what number is roentgenium on the periodic table
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: what does k stand for
A: K is Potassium, element number 19.

Q: tell me about silicon
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Pr?
A: Pr is Praseodymium, element number 59.

Q: how do you write palladium
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: what group is plutonium in
A: Plutonium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Tellurium?
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: What can you tell me about Nihonium?
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: tell me about thorium
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol ir
A: Ir is Iridium, element number 77.

Q: what period and group is palladium in
A: Palladium is in group 10, period 5.

Q: What state is Oxygen at room temperature?
A: Oxygen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for zirconium
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: tell me about rhodium
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Osmium?
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: show me the metalloids
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of ytterbium
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: what state is antimony at room temperature
A: Antimony is a solid at room temperature.

Q: samarium is which element number
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: What period and group is Thulium in?
A: Thulium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what family is lead in
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: what period and group is arsenic in
A: Arsenic is in group 15, period 4.

Q: what does at stand for
A: At is Astatine, element number 85.

Q: What category is Beryllium?
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Is Nickel a metal or nonmetal?
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: po is which element
A: Po is Polonium, element number 84.

Q: at is which element
A: At is Astatine, element number 85.

Q: What does Sm stand for?
A: Sm is Samarium, element number 62.

Q: Give me info on Vanadium.
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 97
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: give me info on rubidium
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Tungsten?
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: Fm is which element?
A: Fm is Fermium, element number 100.

Q: Is Thallium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Thallium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element silver
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what state is uranium at room temperature
A: Uranium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is mendelevium in
A: Mendelevium is in the f-block.

Q: What number is Californium?
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: what element has atomic number 90
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: what is silver's symbol
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: what element is ac
A: Ac is Actinium, element number 89.

Q: what element is ba
A: Ba is Barium, element number 56.

Q: What's Thorium's atomic number?
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: what number is vanadium on the periodic table
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: What can you tell me about Osmium?
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is yttrium on the periodic table
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: Is Holmium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Holmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Niobium.
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is calcium
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what's element number 50
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of cadmium
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: what is the atomic number of chromium
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: Give me info on Fermium.
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: what element has atomic number 33
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: What is Boron's symbol?
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: What block is Manganese in?
A: Manganese is in the d-block.

Q: What number is Germanium?
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: what is the atomic number of rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: What is element 62?
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: what is selenium
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Tin in?
A: Tin is in the p-block.

Q: What is the atomic number of Bromine?
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: what number is cerium
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: What is Einsteinium?
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: What element is 116?
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: what period and group is flerovium in
A: Flerovium is in group 14, period 7.

Q: how do you write rutherfordium
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: what block is titanium in
A: Titanium is in the d-block.

Q: What can you tell me about Cobalt?
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about niobium
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Zirconium in?
A: Zirconium is in group 4, period 5.

Q: What element has atomic number 54?
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: What can you tell me about Tantalum?
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: What's the symbol for Rubidium?
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: What is element 17?
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: What number is Iridium?
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: what can you tell me about silver
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Neodymium.
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: vanadium is which element number
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: is iodine a metal or nonmetal
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: what does fl stand for
A: Fl is Flerovium, element number 114.

Q: Where is Hafnium on the periodic table?
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: what state is zinc at room temperature
A: Zinc is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is v
A: V is Vanadium, element number 23.

Q: Which element is atomic number 46?
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: what kind of element is radon
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: what kind of element is oganesson
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: What's Astatine's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: what can you tell me about palladium
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol he
A: He is Helium, element number 2.

Q: what element is nh
A: Nh is Nihonium, element number 113.

Q: What kind of element is Titanium?
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: what category is nitrogen
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: b is which element
A: B is Boron, element number 5.

Q: What's element number 28?
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: What is Seaborgium?
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: sodium is which element number
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: tell me about meitnerium
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: what kind of element is cesium
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 21
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: how do you write rhenium
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: What's Gadolinium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: What element is Pm?
A: Pm is Promethium, element number 61.

Q: what element has atomic number 88
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: What is the atomic number of Antimony?
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: What can you tell me about Zinc?
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Rutherfordium.
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Rhodium.
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for rhenium
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: what element is og
A: Og is Oganesson, element number 118.

Q: which element is kr
A: Kr is Krypton, element number 36.

Q: tell me about the element nitrogen
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Aluminium in?
A: Aluminium is in group 13, period 3.

Q: What kind of element is Strontium?
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What is Manganese?
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Aluminium?
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What period and group is Radon in?
A: Radon is in group 18, period 6.

Q: what element is nd
A: Nd is Neodymium, element number 60.

Q: what block is tin in
A: Tin is in the p-block.

Q: What's Mercury's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Silicon?
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: is europium a metal or nonmetal
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: what period and group is aluminium in
A: Aluminium is in group 13, period 3.

Q: what group is tellurium in
A: Tellurium is in group 16, period 5.

Q: What does Ag stand for?
A: Ag is Silver, element number 47.

Q: What does Cd stand for?
A: Cd is Cadmium, element number 48.

Q: describe silver
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Americium a metal?
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: What type of element is Rhenium?
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Fluorine.
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Americium is which element number?
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: what's americium's atomic number
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: Which element has the symbol Cu?
A: Cu is Copper, element number 29.

Q: Which element is atomic number 62?
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: what does dy stand for
A: Dy is Dysprosium, element number 66.

Q: Lithium is which element number?
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: what type of element is praseodymium
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: What group is Thulium in?
A: Thulium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Tell me about Fluorine.
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Polonium?
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: give me info on neptunium
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Platinum?
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's oxygen's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: what family is group 17
A: Group 17 is the halogens.

Q: How do you write Radon?
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: What is element 28?
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: is hydrogen a metal
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: Rubidium is which element number?
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: What element has atomic number 105?
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: what period and group is thallium in
A: Thallium is in group 13, period 6.

Q: describe copernicium
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: how do you write platinum
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: what block is vanadium in
A: Vanadium is in the d-block.

Q: what family is erbium in
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is the atomic number of Francium?
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: What period and group is Gold in?
A: Gold is in group 11, period 6.

Q: is niobium a metal or nonmetal
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: what block is argon in
A: Argon is in the p-block.

Q: describe tellurium
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Cerium?
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: What is the symbol for Neon?
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: tell me about the element livermorium
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Silver.
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 109
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: What element has atomic number 18?
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: What's element number 46?
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: Is Rhodium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Rhodium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is palladium on the periodic table
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: which element is atomic number 61
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: what element has atomic number 116
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: What period and group is Roentgenium in?
A: Roentgenium is in group 11, period 7.

Q: where is einsteinium on the periodic table
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: what's the symbol for ruthenium
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: what number is tin
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of nobelium
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: is osmium a metal
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: describe lanthanum
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: beryllium is which element number
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: What family is Fermium in?
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: what's the symbol for hassium
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: where is chlorine on the periodic table
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: what type of element is vanadium
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element zinc
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Rf is which element?
A: Rf is Rutherfordium, element number 104.

Q: what block is nickel in
A: Nickel is in the d-block.

Q: What block is Zirconium in?
A: Zirconium is in the d-block.

Q: what number is tungsten on the periodic table
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: Where is Darmstadtium on the periodic table?
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: what's nickel's atomic number
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: What element has atomic number 99?
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of xenon
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: What's the symbol for Iodine?
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: What block is Palladium in?
A: Palladium is in the d-block.

Q: How do you write Nickel?
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: Tell me about the element Lutetium.
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Niobium?
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 21?
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: What element has atomic number 94?
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: Which element has the symbol La?
A: La is Lanthanum, element number 57.

Q: what can you tell me about tantalum
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's samarium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: what category is molybdenum
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Bohrium?
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: what is the symbol for indium
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: Tell me about Flerovium.
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: what kind of element is zirconium
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is number 59?
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: What number is Xenon on the periodic table?
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: What number is Berkelium on the periodic table?
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: is zinc a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Zinc is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Californium in?
A: Californium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: Tell me about the element Calcium.
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is ytterbium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Ytterbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Vanadium a metal?
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for scandium
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: what kind of element is niobium
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: what is nickel's symbol
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: What's Oxygen's atomic number?
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: what number is cadmium on the periodic table
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: What family is Zinc in?
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: What category is Tin?
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: describe zirconium
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 36
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: which element has the symbol db
A: Db is Dubnium, element number 105.

Q: Is Iridium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is number 50?
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: what is the atomic number of praseodymium
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: is ruthenium a metal or nonmetal
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: what's dubnium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: tell me about hassium
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: Is Berkelium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: Describe Iodine.
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 43?
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: describe potassium
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Scandium's atomic number?
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: What is the symbol for Iodine?
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: what is the symbol for einsteinium
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: tell me about the element thorium
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what state is thallium at room temperature
A: Thallium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is fermium on the periodic table
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: give me info on iron
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Rhenium?
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Mercury?
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: tell me about iron
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on tennessine
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: What is element 81?
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: is osmium a metal or nonmetal
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: which element has the symbol fm
A: Fm is Fermium, element number 100.

Q: is mendelevium a metal or nonmetal
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: What element is Zr?
A: Zr is Zirconium, element number 40.

Q: What element is Cu?
A: Cu is Copper, element number 29.

Q: Is Darmstadtium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: What's Copper's atomic number?
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: what's the symbol for erbium
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: What's the symbol for Fermium?
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: what is the symbol for krypton
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: is tin a metal or nonmetal
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: what's palladium's atomic number
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: what can you tell me about titanium
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Iridium in?
A: Iridium is in group 9, period 6.

Q: Tell me about Gold.
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is sulfur a metal or nonmetal
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: what is element 115
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: Mt is which element?
A: Mt is Meitnerium, element number 109.

Q: Is Mercury a metal or nonmetal?
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: Give me a metalloid.
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: tell me about the element bromine
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write darmstadtium
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: What element is 54?
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of uranium
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: What kind of element is Fermium?
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: what's the symbol for niobium
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: What is Hassium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: what group is iridium in
A: Iridium is in group 9, period 6.

Q: What state is Magnesium at room temperature?
A: Magnesium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Silver's symbol?
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: what kind of element is silicon
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: What state is Cobalt at room temperature?
A: Cobalt is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Pm is which element?
A: Pm is Promethium, element number 61.

Q: describe lead
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 91?
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: Is Niobium a metal?
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: What's Rhenium's atomic number?
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: What element is Ac?
A: Ac is Actinium, element number 89.

Q: Which element is number 53?
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: what element is cr
A: Cr is Chromium, element number 24.

Q: which element is number 114
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: What period and group is Magnesium in?
A: Magnesium is in group 2, period 3.

Q: what is element 50
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: give me info on barium
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 37
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: what does ds stand for
A: Ds is Darmstadtium, element number 110.

Q: mercury is which element number
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: which element is number 49
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: How do you write Hassium?
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: what kind of element is praseodymium
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: Is Chromium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: what's cadmium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: what element is eu
A: Eu is Europium, element number 63.

Q: What group is Rutherfordium in?
A: Rutherfordium is in group 4, period 7.

Q: what group is sulfur in
A: Sulfur is in group 16, period 3.

Q: what does hs stand for
A: Hs is Hassium, element number 108.

Q: which element is atomic number 90
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: Which element is atomic number 12?
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: What element is Nb?
A: Nb is Niobium, element number 41.

Q: is calcium a metal
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What category is Gadolinium?
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: what type of element is oxygen
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: What does Am stand for?
A: Am is Americium, element number 95.

Q: list the metalloids
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: What is Beryllium?
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Thorium.
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of tennessine
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: how do you write tantalum
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: where is thorium on the periodic table
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: what element is bi
A: Bi is Bismuth, element number 83.

Q: Where is Californium on the periodic table?
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: what is copper
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Mn?
A: Mn is Manganese, element number 25.

Q: What element is I?
A: I is Iodine, element number 53.

Q: Give me info on Plutonium.
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 115
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: tell me about the element platinum
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Oxygen's symbol?
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: what state is radon at room temperature
A: Radon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Hassium in?
A: Hassium is in group 8, period 7.

Q: what block is phosphorus in
A: Phosphorus is in the p-block.

Q: Is Fermium a metal?
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: Is Carbon a metal?
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: What element is Si?
A: Si is Silicon, element number 14.

Q: What's Chromium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: give me info on berkelium
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: radon is which element number
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: What's Radium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: What number is Dysprosium?
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: Plutonium is which element number?
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: lawrencium is which element number
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: which element has the symbol ba
A: Ba is Barium, element number 56.

Q: What is Tellurium?
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is C?
A: C is Carbon, element number 6.

Q: which element is au
A: Au is Gold, element number 79.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of manganese
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: what period and group is iridium in
A: Iridium is in group 9, period 6.

Q: What's the symbol for Arsenic?
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: where is neodymium on the periodic table
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: Is Protactinium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: what group is mercury in
A: Mercury is in group 12, period 6.

Q: tell me about lutetium
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for zinc
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: What number is Ytterbium?
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of lawrencium
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: what kind of element is technetium
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Beryllium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Beryllium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is number 67
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: is rhodium a metal or nonmetal
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is po
A: Po is Polonium, element number 84.

Q: What's the symbol for Potassium?
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: What element is Ag?
A: Ag is Silver, element number 47.

Q: what's the symbol for samarium
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: What is element 79?
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: what element is be
A: Be is Beryllium, element number 4.

Q: describe protactinium
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is nickel in
A: Nickel is in group 10, period 4.

Q: What is the symbol for Actinium?
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: what is group 1
A: Group 1 is the alkali metals, plus hydrogen.

Q: Describe Arsenic.
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Mc stand for?
A: Mc is Moscovium, element number 115.

Q: Is Bismuth a metal or nonmetal?
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: What period and group is Silver in?
A: Silver is in group 11, period 5.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Lanthanum?
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: what element has atomic number 71
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: Tb is which element?
A: Tb is Terbium, element number 65.

Q: what's sodium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: What is element 116?
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: sr is which element
A: Sr is Strontium, element number 38.

Q: Which element has the symbol Br?
A: Br is Bromine, element number 35.

Q: what period and group is astatine in
A: Astatine is in group 17, period 6.

Q: which element is atomic number 86
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: What element is Kr?
A: Kr is Krypton, element number 36.

Q: what element has atomic number 80
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: What are the transition metals?
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: What is the symbol for Sulfur?
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: What group is Germanium in?
A: Germanium is in group 14, period 4.

Q: what category is einsteinium
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: What kind of element is Actinium?
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: what block is selenium in
A: Selenium is in the p-block.

Q: what number is manganese on the periodic table
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: tell me about lithium
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element iron
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Bismuth a metal?
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Cesium?
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: Nobelium is which element number?
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: Give me info on Tellurium.
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's platinum's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: Which element is atomic number 14?
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: which element is atomic number 26
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: what category is hydrogen
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: Which element is W?
A: W is Tungsten, element number 74.

Q: Where is Neon on the periodic table?
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: What is element 13?
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: what category is dubnium
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: Describe Fermium.
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: What does the atomic number mean?
A: The atomic number is the number of protons in an element's nucleus.

Q: tell me about the element arsenic
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 81?
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: what group is fermium in
A: Fermium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Chromium?
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: which element is atomic number 46
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: Give me a noble gas.
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: Describe Cerium.
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's germanium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: what period and group is neon in
A: Neon is in group 18, period 2.

Q: What type of element is Germanium?
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of rubidium
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: fermium is which element number
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: Which element is number 19?
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: What's Astatine's atomic number?
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of dysprosium
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: what type of element is tin
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: what's element number 27
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: tell me about the element osmium
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 37?
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: where is nobelium on the periodic table
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: what period and group is gold in
A: Gold is in group 11, period 6.

Q: give me info on thorium
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is gold
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: Is Indium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what element is db
A: Db is Dubnium, element number 105.

Q: what number is gallium on the periodic table
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: What family is Tellurium in?
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: what kind of element is boron
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: What number is Ruthenium on the periodic table?
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: What's Silver's atomic number?
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: what is europium's symbol
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: What can you tell me about Aluminium?
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol c
A: C is Carbon, element number 6.

Q: what's element number 92
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: what is uranium
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is promethium in
A: Promethium is in the f-block.

Q: what block is livermorium in
A: Livermorium is in the p-block.

Q: how do you write manganese
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: Where is Zinc on the periodic table?
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: Which element is number 11?
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: what category is zirconium
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: which element has the symbol ag
A: Ag is Silver, element number 47.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of boron
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: what is bohrium's symbol
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: what's element number 76
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: what element is sg
A: Sg is Seaborgium, element number 106.

Q: what number is mercury
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: which element is number 21
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: How do you write Radium?
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of antimony
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: Describe Phosphorus.
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element titanium
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 69?
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of nitrogen
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: What's the symbol for Meitnerium?
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: what element has atomic number 16
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: What type of element is Hassium?
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: what state is nickel at room temperature
A: Nickel is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What are the lanthanides?
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: give me info on gallium
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Curium?
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: What is element 85?
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: What is Iridium?
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 51
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: What group is Niobium in?
A: Niobium is in group 5, period 5.

Q: Give me info on Flerovium.
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: Which element is number 93?
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: pu is which element
A: Pu is Plutonium, element number 94.

Q: what's niobium's atomic number
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: what state is aluminium at room temperature
A: Aluminium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element meitnerium
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: what does ts stand for
A: Ts is Tennessine, element number 117.

Q: What number is Astatine on the periodic table?
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: How do you write Tennessine?
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: which element is hf
A: Hf is Hafnium, element number 72.

Q: iodine is which element number
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: What is the atomic number of Bohrium?
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: What does Rg stand for?
A: Rg is Roentgenium, element number 111.

Q: Describe Helium.
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: Which element is Ar?
A: Ar is Argon, element number 18.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Potassium?
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: what number is bohrium
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: What period and group is Potassium in?
A: Potassium is in group 1, period 4.

Q: What's Barium's atomic number?
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: what kind of element is hafnium
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: Ar is which element?
A: Ar is Argon, element number 18.

Q: what are the transition metals
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: What's Radon's atomic number?
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: Is Chlorine a metal or nonmetal?
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: Where is Livermorium on the periodic table?
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: describe actinium
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for gallium
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: what type of element is einsteinium
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: What's the symbol for Vanadium?
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: what is the symbol for uranium
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: What's element number 25?
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: what is element 14
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: strontium is which element number
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: what number is neon on the periodic table
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: What's element number 54?
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: What is the atomic number of Chromium?
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: What's Hydrogen's atomic number?
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: which element is atomic number 60
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: what's the symbol for oganesson
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: What is element 101?
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: what is silicon's symbol
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: which element has the symbol pd
A: Pd is Palladium, element number 46.

Q: what's the symbol for einsteinium
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: holmium is which element number
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: which element is atomic number 2
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: what is gadolinium
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 78
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: which element is atomic number 56
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: where is xenon on the periodic table
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: Tell me about Thulium.
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is cerium a metal or nonmetal
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: what element is 35
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: what's the symbol for tellurium
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: Tell me about Rhenium.
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about sodium
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write chlorine
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: which element is number 105
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: Is Selenium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Selenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Meitnerium.
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: What is Tantalum?
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 35?
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: what kind of element is uranium
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: What can you tell me about Krypton?
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: What is element 97?
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: What is Praseodymium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: what is chlorine's symbol
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: what element is tb
A: Tb is Terbium, element number 65.

Q: where is hydrogen on the periodic table
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: What is Ruthenium?
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Hassium?
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: what element has atomic number 6
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: what number is protactinium on the periodic table
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: What is the atomic number of Berkelium?
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: What group is Tungsten in?
A: Tungsten is in group 6, period 6.

Q: what is the symbol for lawrencium
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: give me info on nobelium
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: What state is Beryllium at room temperature?
A: Beryllium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Vanadium.
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 118?
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: what period and group is nihonium in
A: Nihonium is in group 13, period 7.

Q: what state is cesium at room temperature
A: Cesium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's flerovium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: what type of element is argon
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of mendelevium
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: Re is which element?
A: Re is Rhenium, element number 75.

Q: What number is Francium on the periodic table?
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: Tell me about Radium.
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Calcium in?
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Describe Rubidium.
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of zirconium
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: what's the symbol for californium
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Yttrium?
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: What kind of element is Ytterbium?
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element is Dy?
A: Dy is Dysprosium, element number 66.

Q: What type of element is Livermorium?
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Give me a actinide.
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Tennessine?
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: Give me info on Gold.
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 64
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: what is astatine
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Rhenium on the periodic table?
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: What kind of element is Technetium?
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: What group is Rhenium in?
A: Rhenium is in group 7, period 6.

Q: What is Sulfur's symbol?
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: what element has atomic number 11
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: Which element is Kr?
A: Kr is Krypton, element number 36.

Q: what number is technetium
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: what period and group is curium in
A: Curium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What element is 98?
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: Tell me about the element Magnesium.
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Be?
A: Be is Beryllium, element number 4.

Q: what kind of element is vanadium
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: what block is oxygen in
A: Oxygen is in the p-block.

Q: sm is which element
A: Sm is Samarium, element number 62.

Q: Is Boron a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Boron is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Germanium?
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: which element has the symbol nb
A: Nb is Niobium, element number 41.

Q: Describe Promethium.
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Fermium?
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: What kind of element is Manganese?
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: what is berkelium
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: What's Thallium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: Is Hassium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Tin?
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ho?
A: Ho is Holmium, element number 67.

Q: what does pt stand for
A: Pt is Platinum, element number 78.

Q: tell me about the element actinium
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 108
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: What kind of element is Cerium?
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: what category is rubidium
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Rubidium?
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: What category is Terbium?
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: What's element number 42?
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: What is the symbol for Gallium?
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: what's chromium's atomic number
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: Tell me about Neon.
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: What's the symbol for Radon?
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: what number is helium on the periodic table
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: What element is 22?
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: Tell me about Oxygen.
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What group is Fermium in?
A: Fermium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: Which element is Ru?
A: Ru is Ruthenium, element number 44.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of chlorine
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: what state is francium at room temperature
A: Francium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Thulium?
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is element 32
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: What number is Dubnium on the periodic table?
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: what is tantalum
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is ds
A: Ds is Darmstadtium, element number 110.

Q: what block is palladium in
A: Palladium is in the d-block.

Q: what is the symbol for lanthanum
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: what block is rutherfordium in
A: Rutherfordium is in the d-block.

Q: What type of element is Lanthanum?
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: tell me about the element ytterbium
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Li?
A: Li is Lithium, element number 3.

Q: What element has atomic number 41?
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: which element is atomic number 114
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: What does Si stand for?
A: Si is Silicon, element number 14.

Q: What does Rn stand for?
A: Rn is Radon, element number 86.

Q: is cobalt a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Cobalt is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Germanium.
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is U?
A: U is Uranium, element number 92.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of nickel
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: how many halogens are there
A: There are 6 halogens among the 118 elements.

Q: what's mendelevium's atomic number
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: which element is at
A: At is Astatine, element number 85.

Q: what element is 3
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of molybdenum
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: is rubidium a metal
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: How do you write Argon?
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: Tell me about the element Cadmium.
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Platinum in?
A: Platinum is in group 10, period 6.

Q: what period and group is roentgenium in
A: Roentgenium is in group 11, period 7.

Q: What number is Praseodymium?
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: what element has atomic number 70
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: Tell me about the element Dysprosium.
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is sr
A: Sr is Strontium, element number 38.

Q: What is Dysprosium?
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element carbon
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is zinc
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: describe manganese
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does he stand for
A: He is Helium, element number 2.

Q: what is americium
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: What period and group is Gallium in?
A: Gallium is in group 13, period 4.

Q: What kind of element is Silicon?
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: what's element number 16
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: what is curium
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: What's Neon's atomic number?
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: he is which element
A: He is Helium, element number 2.

Q: what type of element is thorium
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: What block is Lawrencium in?
A: Lawrencium is in the d-block.

Q: what number is einsteinium on the periodic table
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: what period and group is americium in
A: Americium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What category is Magnesium?
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What category is Ruthenium?
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: List the actinides.
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: Which element is atomic number 92?
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: what does bk stand for
A: Bk is Berkelium, element number 97.

Q: Tell me about the element Carbon.
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is rhenium
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Molybdenum in?
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: Mendelevium is which element number?
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: What's Phosphorus's atomic number?
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: What number is Scandium?
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: Gallium is which element number?
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: what element is 60
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: what group is barium in
A: Barium is in group 2, period 6.

Q: describe technetium
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is moscovium
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: give me info on radon
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: what group is thulium in
A: Thulium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Which element is Cl?
A: Cl is Chlorine, element number 17.

Q: which element has the symbol pr
A: Pr is Praseodymium, element number 59.

Q: what kind of element is nickel
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 23
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: Describe Copper.
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Copper?
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Yttrium?
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: how do you write thallium
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: What is the atomic number of Thallium?
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: what period and group is moscovium in
A: Moscovium is in group 15, period 7.

Q: What is the symbol for Rhodium?
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: Which element is atomic number 81?
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: Give me info on Silicon.
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Technetium on the periodic table?
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: what is the atomic number of livermorium
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: What number is Silver?
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: Tin is which element number?
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: What number is Yttrium on the periodic table?
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: What's Neodymium's atomic number?
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: Which element is La?
A: La is Lanthanum, element number 57.

Q: Tell me about Livermorium.
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: How do you write Meitnerium?
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: how do you write einsteinium
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: What kind of element is Rubidium?
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: which element has the symbol br
A: Br is Bromine, element number 35.

Q: what element has atomic number 36
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: What number is Helium?
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: tell me about niobium
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is phosphorus
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: what's sodium's atomic number
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: What is the symbol for Titanium?
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: What is element 38?
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: what is fluorine's symbol
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: Give me info on Tungsten.
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Zinc?
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: Give me info on Rhenium.
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is silicon
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: what does pu stand for
A: Pu is Plutonium, element number 94.

Q: what's the symbol for silicon
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: is dysprosium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Dysprosium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Titanium in?
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: Bismuth is which element number?
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: describe platinum
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Lead?
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Lead's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: what can you tell me about rubidium
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Uranium.
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is titanium on the periodic table
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: what kind of element is gadolinium
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element is number 24?
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: what's helium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: what category is titanium
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about beryllium
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: br is which element
A: Br is Bromine, element number 35.

Q: Tell me about the element Terbium.
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is astatine a metal
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: what element is 67
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: What is Tennessine?
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: Is Aluminium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Aluminium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for selenium
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: Iridium is which element number?
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: what element is ni
A: Ni is Nickel, element number 28.

Q: What is element 91?
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: What's Technetium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: describe samarium
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about lawrencium
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: what kind of element is europium
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: What block is Dysprosium in?
A: Dysprosium is in the f-block.

Q: Where is Erbium on the periodic table?
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: what is the atomic number of boron
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: What element is 94?
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: What is the symbol for Sodium?
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: what period and group is lawrencium in
A: Lawrencium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: where is iodine on the periodic table
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: nobelium is which element number
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: what is manganese's symbol
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: tell me about the element dubnium
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: polonium is which element number
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: Give me info on Neon.
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: What period and group is Fermium in?
A: Fermium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Aluminium?
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: Which element is Mc?
A: Mc is Moscovium, element number 115.

Q: What element has atomic number 16?
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: what element is 69
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: Which element is atomic number 96?
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: which element is number 44
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: Berkelium is which element number?
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: Is Cerium a metal?
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is element 98?
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: What kind of element is Dysprosium?
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: manganese is which element number
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: What kind of element is Zirconium?
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: What element has atomic number 67?
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: what family is group 1
A: Group 1 is the alkali metals, plus hydrogen.

Q: tell me about the element plutonium
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of radium
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: what element is 44
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: How do you write Hafnium?
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: what element is hf
A: Hf is Hafnium, element number 72.

Q: what's element number 86
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: Is Uranium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: What group is Yttrium in?
A: Yttrium is in group 3, period 5.

Q: what category is osmium
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: is francium a metal
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: how do you write antimony
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: Which element is atomic number 32?
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: What is the atomic number of Thulium?
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

The periodic table organizes all 118 known chemical elements by atomic number. Rows are called periods and columns are called groups. Elements in the same group share similar chemical properties.

Q: Give me info on Holmium.
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 94
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: what's element number 39
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: is indium a metal or nonmetal
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is einsteinium's symbol
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: What number is Radium on the periodic table?
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: What's Cadmium's atomic number?
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: what group is copper in
A: Copper is in group 11, period 4.

Q: what number is neodymium
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: what group is zinc in
A: Zinc is in group 12, period 4.

Q: is moscovium a metal or nonmetal
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 23
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: what element has atomic number 17
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: is bohrium a metal
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: What is element 4?
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: what number is radon on the periodic table
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: is nickel a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Nickel is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Californium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: is selenium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Selenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is number 51
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: what family is rhenium in
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: What period and group is Bromine in?
A: Bromine is in group 17, period 4.

Q: Is Beryllium a metal?
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: how do you write neptunium
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: what period and group is hafnium in
A: Hafnium is in group 4, period 6.

Q: What element has atomic number 118?
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: What kind of element is Uranium?
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: What is the atomic number of Fluorine?
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: what is polonium
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 23?
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: What is the symbol for Americium?
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: What period and group is Nobelium in?
A: Nobelium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: which element is atomic number 76
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: What's the symbol for Livermorium?
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: What block is Tellurium in?
A: Tellurium is in the p-block.

Q: what's aluminium's atomic number
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: What's Nobelium's atomic number?
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: what element is 81
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: What kind of element is Iodine?
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: What is Dubnium?
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: what's molybdenum's atomic number
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: What number is Germanium on the periodic table?
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: u is which element
A: U is Uranium, element number 92.

Q: Which element has the symbol Nh?
A: Nh is Nihonium, element number 113.

Q: how do you write actinium
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: what block is neptunium in
A: Neptunium is in the f-block.

Q: What type of element is Nobelium?
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: what group is iodine in
A: Iodine is in group 17, period 5.

Q: what group is lithium in
A: Lithium is in group 1, period 2.

Q: Which element is atomic number 51?
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: What family is Copernicium in?
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: What element is 64?
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: describe cerium
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Rubidium?
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: What period and group is Seaborgium in?
A: Seaborgium is in group 6, period 7.

Q: Tell me about Iron.
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Mercury?
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about mendelevium
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: what type of element is tennessine
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: what group is mendelevium in
A: Mendelevium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What element is 100?
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: what's silicon's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: how do you write argon
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: Is Neptunium a metal?
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: what element is 109
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: what is the atomic number of iodine
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: what type of element is ruthenium
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Barium on the periodic table?
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: What's Manganese's atomic number?
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: is carbon a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Carbon is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's nobelium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: Where is Protactinium on the periodic table?
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: what is hassium's symbol
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: is yttrium a metal or nonmetal
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Lanthanum on the periodic table?
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: Which element is Mt?
A: Mt is Meitnerium, element number 109.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Krypton?
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: Is Cobalt a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Cobalt is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is europium in
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: Is Potassium a metal?
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: which element is ag
A: Ag is Silver, element number 47.

Q: What category is Chromium?
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for osmium
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: what's tungsten's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: give me info on dubnium
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: is aluminium a metal
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What does Lv stand for?
A: Lv is Livermorium, element number 116.

Q: what is the symbol for nobelium
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: What family is Lutetium in?
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: What number is Niobium on the periodic table?
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: what is bromine's symbol
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: what is berkelium's symbol
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: what is the symbol for neon
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: what is rhenium
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is holmium on the periodic table
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: what's hydrogen's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: what family is indium in
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Describe Cesium.
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is radon a metal
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: what's cobalt's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: what group is gold in
A: Gold is in group 11, period 6.

Q: is boron a metal or nonmetal
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: which element is nd
A: Nd is Neodymium, element number 60.

Q: What number is Potassium on the periodic table?
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: What's Iridium's atomic number?
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: What element is 68?
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: what's ruthenium's atomic number
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: what type of element is oganesson
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: is praseodymium a metal
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: Is Niobium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: is thulium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Thulium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Ac stand for?
A: Ac is Actinium, element number 89.

Q: where is neptunium on the periodic table
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: name some noble gases
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: what element is 89
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of francium
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Neptunium?
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: what block is bromine in
A: Bromine is in the p-block.

Q: what group is tin in
A: Tin is in group 14, period 5.

Q: What number is Iodine on the periodic table?
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: What's Molybdenum's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: what is element 108
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: What family is Promethium in?
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: Where is Titanium on the periodic table?
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: what group is manganese in
A: Manganese is in group 7, period 4.

Q: what type of element is francium
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: Is Ytterbium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Ytterbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 25
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: What's Nobelium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: is berkelium a metal
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: What element has atomic number 98?
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: how do you write seaborgium
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: what does y stand for
A: Y is Yttrium, element number 39.

Q: Zn is which element?
A: Zn is Zinc, element number 30.

Q: describe neon
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: what is antimony's symbol
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: what is the atomic number of dubnium
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: Is Germanium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: How do you write Rutherfordium?
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: What is Iodine's symbol?
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: What block is Actinium in?
A: Actinium is in the f-block.

Q: What element is 17?
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: What does Zn stand for?
A: Zn is Zinc, element number 30.

Q: What's Fermium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: describe meitnerium
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: is bismuth a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Bismuth is a solid at room temperature.

Q: show me the nonmetals
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: tell me about the element yttrium
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Sg stand for?
A: Sg is Seaborgium, element number 106.

Q: What type of element is Silicon?
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: What is the symbol for Dysprosium?
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: Which element is Og?
A: Og is Oganesson, element number 118.

Q: what type of element is barium
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What's Iodine's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: what family is hassium in
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: What can you tell me about Platinum?
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Rhodium's atomic number?
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: what kind of element is berkelium
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: What number is Europium on the periodic table?
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: what family is livermorium in
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 73?
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: what can you tell me about darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of protactinium
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: What is the atomic number of Calcium?
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: What's element number 31?
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: What type of element is Thorium?
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: what's element number 32
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: what is the atomic number of strontium
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: what family is vanadium in
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: what number is sulfur
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: is roentgenium a metal
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Phosphorus in?
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: What period and group is Neodymium in?
A: Neodymium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what group is thorium in
A: Thorium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What's Nitrogen's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: what element is 25
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: What's element number 6?
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: What category is Calcium?
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What number is Nihonium on the periodic table?
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: what family is plutonium in
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: what is astatine's symbol
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: what element is p
A: P is Phosphorus, element number 15.

Q: What's Plutonium's atomic number?
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: what is the atomic number of thorium
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: is nickel a metal or nonmetal
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Californium on the periodic table?
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: where is potassium on the periodic table
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: what is the atomic number of antimony
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: Describe Astatine.
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 9?
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: which element is b
A: B is Boron, element number 5.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ga?
A: Ga is Gallium, element number 31.

Q: give me info on nihonium
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 33
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: what is lawrencium
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: what family is copper in
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: tm is which element
A: Tm is Thulium, element number 69.

Q: What category is Fluorine?
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: which element is number 58
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: where is chromium on the periodic table
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: Which element has the symbol Pu?
A: Pu is Plutonium, element number 94.

Q: Which element has the symbol Xe?
A: Xe is Xenon, element number 54.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Flerovium?
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: How do you write Ytterbium?
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: What is the symbol for Niobium?
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: What is Phosphorus?
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 4
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: Which element has the symbol C?
A: C is Carbon, element number 6.

Q: is scandium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Scandium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is magnesium's symbol
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: give me info on fluorine
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is fluorine in
A: Fluorine is in group 17, period 2.

Q: Is Lutetium a metal?
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: is zinc a metal or nonmetal
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: how do you write copper
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: What category is Copper?
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: give me info on neon
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: What block is Scandium in?
A: Scandium is in the d-block.

Q: lv is which element
A: Lv is Livermorium, element number 116.

Q: which element has the symbol ne
A: Ne is Neon, element number 10.

Q: what category is sulfur
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: Which element is Lr?
A: Lr is Lawrencium, element number 103.

Q: What group is Iodine in?
A: Iodine is in group 17, period 5.

Q: What period and group is Neptunium in?
A: Neptunium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: Describe Lead.
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Cadmium?
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Fm?
A: Fm is Fermium, element number 100.

Q: What kind of element is Seaborgium?
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: is nobelium a metal or nonmetal
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: What's the symbol for Moscovium?
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: Potassium is which element number?
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: what is helium's symbol
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: what state is indium at room temperature
A: Indium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Bismuth's atomic number?
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: What's Vanadium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: which element is number 98
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: What period and group is Lawrencium in?
A: Lawrencium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: which element is atomic number 25
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: What group is Gallium in?
A: Gallium is in group 13, period 4.

Q: what does w stand for
A: W is Tungsten, element number 74.

Q: Describe Polonium.
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does cf stand for
A: Cf is Californium, element number 98.

Q: what type of element is nobelium
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: what type of element is uranium
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: what element is 36
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: what is an atomic number
A: The atomic number is the number of protons in an element's nucleus.

Q: ir is which element
A: Ir is Iridium, element number 77.

Q: What is element 95?
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: what block is darmstadtium in
A: Darmstadtium is in the d-block.

Q: Tell me about the element Strontium.
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Californium is which element number?
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: what category is technetium
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Europium in?
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: what's element number 14
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: Which element has the symbol Li?
A: Li is Lithium, element number 3.

Q: Tell me about the element Cobalt.
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does pa stand for
A: Pa is Protactinium, element number 91.

Q: What element is 65?
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: Describe Nickel.
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is dysprosium
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Beryllium in?
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what state is dysprosium at room temperature
A: Dysprosium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 12
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: Which element is atomic number 59?
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: What type of element is Zinc?
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Mercury?
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: What type of element is Indium?
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What element has atomic number 111?
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: what is element 106
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: rh is which element
A: Rh is Rhodium, element number 45.

Q: list the actinides
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: what does rb stand for
A: Rb is Rubidium, element number 37.

Q: What does Tc stand for?
A: Tc is Technetium, element number 43.

Q: What's Sulfur's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of selenium
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: what group is oxygen in
A: Oxygen is in group 16, period 2.

Q: what number is krypton on the periodic table
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: Which element is atomic number 109?
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: what period and group is lanthanum in
A: Lanthanum is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Which element is Cd?
A: Cd is Cadmium, element number 48.

Q: what element is bh
A: Bh is Bohrium, element number 107.

Q: what state is holmium at room temperature
A: Holmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does rg stand for
A: Rg is Roentgenium, element number 111.

Q: What number is Gold on the periodic table?
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: Which element is number 99?
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: which element is atomic number 115
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: Is Fluorine a metal or nonmetal?
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: What number is Phosphorus?
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: what number is rhenium on the periodic table
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: What is Samarium?
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about nihonium
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: what number is terbium
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: what's element number 43
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: what element has atomic number 112
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: What is the symbol for Bromine?
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: what type of element is phosphorus
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: What's Lithium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: describe barium
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Potassium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: Give me info on Seaborgium.
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: Ds is which element?
A: Ds is Darmstadtium, element number 110.

Q: what kind of element is thorium
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: list the alkaline earth metals
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: What does Og stand for?
A: Og is Oganesson, element number 118.

Q: Tell me about Cobalt.
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Promethium in?
A: Promethium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Lawrencium is which element number?
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: What's element number 7?
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: What block is Niobium in?
A: Niobium is in the d-block.

Q: what number is carbon
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: What type of element is Curium?
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: What block is Berkelium in?
A: Berkelium is in the f-block.

Q: what type of element is mercury
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: what kind of element is dysprosium
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: tell me about tungsten
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Xenon's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: what kind of element is oxygen
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: what is samarium's symbol
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: What's element number 23?
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: where is erbium on the periodic table
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: Describe Indium.
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 93?
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: What family is Nobelium in?
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: Which element is number 104?
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: What kind of element is Oxygen?
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: what is the atomic number of xenon
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: Describe Selenium.
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Palladium in?
A: Palladium is in group 10, period 5.

Q: what element is 42
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: What group is Copper in?
A: Copper is in group 11, period 4.

Q: name some halogens
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: what is the symbol for magnesium
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: How many elements are there?
A: There are 118 known chemical elements.

Q: which element is br
A: Br is Bromine, element number 35.

Q: What number is Titanium on the periodic table?
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: what period and group is praseodymium in
A: Praseodymium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: List the halogens.
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: Dy is which element?
A: Dy is Dysprosium, element number 66.

Q: What state is Gadolinium at room temperature?
A: Gadolinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on plutonium
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is At?
A: At is Astatine, element number 85.

Q: which element is number 72
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: V is which element?
A: V is Vanadium, element number 23.

Q: which element has the symbol ru
A: Ru is Ruthenium, element number 44.

Q: which element is atomic number 42
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: tell me about silver
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Boron?
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: What family is Thulium in?
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: What element is 32?
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: How do you write Roentgenium?
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: How do you write Livermorium?
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: Which element is Rh?
A: Rh is Rhodium, element number 45.

Q: What element has atomic number 74?
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: what is darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: is potassium a metal
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Astatine.
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Zinc?
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: How do you write Berkelium?
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: Where is Copper on the periodic table?
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: Which element is number 37?
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: Where is Fermium on the periodic table?
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: What's the symbol for Tungsten?
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: What type of element is Thulium?
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: what element is 6
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: is promethium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Promethium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Calcium on the periodic table?
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: Where is Strontium on the periodic table?
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: tell me about the element uranium
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Osmium?
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: what number is flerovium on the periodic table
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: what's element number 117
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: What category is Nobelium?
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: Where is Arsenic on the periodic table?
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: What's Palladium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: what element has atomic number 93
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: Tell me about Cesium.
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 53
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: Pa is which element?
A: Pa is Protactinium, element number 91.

Q: what category is nihonium
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: What's element number 50?
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: What is group 17?
A: Group 17 is the halogens.

Q: is zirconium a metal or nonmetal
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: is argon a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Argon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what is element 96
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: What element is 60?
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: what family is neptunium in
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: which element is number 19
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: barium is which element number
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: what is the symbol for germanium
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: What does P stand for?
A: P is Phosphorus, element number 15.

Q: which element has the symbol hs
A: Hs is Hassium, element number 108.

Q: what state is radium at room temperature
A: Radium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Manganese?
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: Is Tungsten a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Tungsten is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is barium in
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What's element number 63?
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: What group is Aluminium in?
A: Aluminium is in group 13, period 3.

Q: What's Niobium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: What can you tell me about Iodine?
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Dubnium?
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: How do you write Gadolinium?
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: what is actinium's symbol
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: What number is Neptunium on the periodic table?
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: What does Se stand for?
A: Se is Selenium, element number 34.

Q: What element is 67?
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: where is americium on the periodic table
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: what is the atomic number of rhenium
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: where is krypton on the periodic table
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: what period and group is samarium in
A: Samarium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What element is N?
A: N is Nitrogen, element number 7.

Q: what's the symbol for uranium
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: Is Zinc a metal?
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: list the post-transition metals
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: Describe Roentgenium.
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: Is Selenium a metal?
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: Tell me about the element Hydrogen.
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what is the atomic number of bromine
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: what element has atomic number 14
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: what state is beryllium at room temperature
A: Beryllium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Rutherfordium.
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: what's element number 83
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: What is the symbol for Lawrencium?
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: What is element 14?
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: What element is Cr?
A: Cr is Chromium, element number 24.

Q: what number is terbium on the periodic table
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: what is fluorine
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Gd?
A: Gd is Gadolinium, element number 64.

Q: What family is Bismuth in?
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: What's the symbol for Rhodium?
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: what block is hafnium in
A: Hafnium is in the d-block.

Q: what period and group is plutonium in
A: Plutonium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What is Plutonium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: What can you tell me about Chlorine?
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: which elements are halogens
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: What state is Fluorine at room temperature?
A: Fluorine is a gas at room temperature.

Q: which element is number 41
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: Give me info on Germanium.
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is hs
A: Hs is Hassium, element number 108.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of fermium
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: what are alkali metals
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: what element is he
A: He is Helium, element number 2.

Q: what category is potassium
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: tell me about boron
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Iron?
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is roentgenium on the periodic table
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: is nitrogen a metal
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: What period and group is Berkelium in?
A: Berkelium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: Is Arsenic a metal?
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: what kind of element is silver
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Magnesium in?
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what's samarium's atomic number
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: Where is Gold on the periodic table?
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: what type of element is neodymium
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: what kind of element is flerovium
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: which element has the symbol bk
A: Bk is Berkelium, element number 97.

Q: Tell me about the element Potassium.
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element tin
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is strontium in
A: Strontium is in group 2, period 5.

Q: Db is which element?
A: Db is Dubnium, element number 105.

Q: What period and group is Cerium in?
A: Cerium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: is nickel a metal
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: What's element number 79?
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: what state is lanthanum at room temperature
A: Lanthanum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is lead a metal or nonmetal
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: Describe Tantalum.
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Praseodymium?
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is dubnium in
A: Dubnium is in group 5, period 7.

Q: what is lanthanum's symbol
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: y is which element
A: Y is Yttrium, element number 39.

Q: what can you tell me about phosphorus
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for gallium
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: Which element is atomic number 25?
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: Cr is which element?
A: Cr is Chromium, element number 24.

Q: What's the symbol for Technetium?
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: which element is number 53
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: which element is mc
A: Mc is Moscovium, element number 115.

Q: what element is 83
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: Where is Neptunium on the periodic table?
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: give me info on roentgenium
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: Which element is Hs?
A: Hs is Hassium, element number 108.

Q: what is the atomic number of iron
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: what does hf stand for
A: Hf is Hafnium, element number 72.

Q: tell me about the element barium
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Titanium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: what does fe stand for
A: Fe is Iron, element number 26.

Q: give me info on molybdenum
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Mercury on the periodic table?
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: tell me about hafnium
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Cerium?
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Radium is which element number?
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: what category is lithium
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: What kind of element is Nobelium?
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: What group is Curium in?
A: Curium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what element is 80
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: Is Mendelevium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: What element has atomic number 26?
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: what is element 62
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: is gadolinium a metal or nonmetal
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is re
A: Re is Rhenium, element number 75.

Q: Where is Potassium on the periodic table?
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: What does Ta stand for?
A: Ta is Tantalum, element number 73.

Q: What's element number 53?
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: what type of element is darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: is palladium a metal or nonmetal
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element has the symbol Se?
A: Se is Selenium, element number 34.

Q: what group is carbon in
A: Carbon is in group 14, period 2.

Q: what element is 110
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: what are transition metals?
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: what element has atomic number 38
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: what kind of element is nobelium
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: what is francium
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of samarium
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: What kind of element is Tennessine?
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: what state is oxygen at room temperature
A: Oxygen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Helium?
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: what element is 22
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: What is the symbol for Technetium?
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: mn is which element
A: Mn is Manganese, element number 25.

Q: Tell me about Platinum.
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about zirconium
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: show me the halogens
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: show me the alkali metals
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: Rutherfordium is which element number?
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: What category is Palladium?
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Potassium in?
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: Describe Radon.
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: What number is Bohrium on the periodic table?
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of hydrogen
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: Is Radon a metal or nonmetal?
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: what is element 48
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: What's Tungsten's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: which element has the symbol zn
A: Zn is Zinc, element number 30.

Q: What does Nb stand for?
A: Nb is Niobium, element number 41.

Q: what's the symbol for roentgenium
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: What category is Nihonium?
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: what number is thorium on the periodic table
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: What type of element is Erbium?
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: what's gold's atomic number
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: How do you write Silver?
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: describe tungsten
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Scandium in?
A: Scandium is in group 3, period 4.

Q: what element is 78
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: which element is number 110
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: Lanthanum is which element number?
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: give me info on meitnerium
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Copernicium?
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: What kind of element is Nihonium?
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 31
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: what is element 19
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: What type of element is Gold?
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is Na?
A: Na is Sodium, element number 11.

Q: which element is number 60
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: Tell me about Potassium.
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 60
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of technetium
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: what is the symbol for aluminium
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: Show me the post-transition metals.
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: What is the atomic number of Polonium?
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: describe strontium
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Carbon?
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: what period and group is oxygen in
A: Oxygen is in group 16, period 2.

Q: What element is Ru?
A: Ru is Ruthenium, element number 44.

Q: tell me about the element iodine
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Thorium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: what is zirconium's symbol
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: what group is bromine in
A: Bromine is in group 17, period 4.

Q: What is Moscovium?
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: What's element number 68?
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: Tell me about the element Antimony.
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on praseodymium
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is polonium a metal
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What element has atomic number 46?
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: What is Cesium?
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Holmium in?
A: Holmium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What number is Einsteinium?
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: Give me info on Titanium.
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Radium on the periodic table?
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: which element has the symbol sc
A: Sc is Scandium, element number 21.

Q: what period and group is scandium in
A: Scandium is in group 3, period 4.

Q: tell me about platinum
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 65?
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: where is bromine on the periodic table
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: what's silver's atomic number
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: What family is Tin in?
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: What type of element is Zirconium?
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: is lutetium a metal or nonmetal
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is livermorium
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: Is Neon a metal?
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: where is hafnium on the periodic table
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: give me info on carbon
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Germanium?
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on scandium
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's magnesium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: What is the symbol for Selenium?
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: What element is 62?
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: what can you tell me about yttrium
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which elements are liquid at room temperature?
A: Only Mercury and Bromine are liquid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 112?
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: What period and group is Silicon in?
A: Silicon is in group 14, period 3.

Q: Hafnium is which element number?
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: what state is titanium at room temperature
A: Titanium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 70?
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: Give me info on Copernicium.
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: tell me about polonium
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Promethium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Promethium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is osmium in
A: Osmium is in group 8, period 6.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Iron?
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: what's the symbol for rubidium
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: what elements are liquids
A: Only Mercury and Bromine are liquid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 6
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: What is the symbol for Chlorine?
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: what number is antimony on the periodic table
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: What is Dysprosium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: what element is fe
A: Fe is Iron, element number 26.

Q: Is Actinium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: what period and group is bismuth in
A: Bismuth is in group 15, period 6.

Q: What is Nickel's symbol?
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: What kind of element is Lithium?
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: What's element number 51?
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: What is the symbol for Magnesium?
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Xenon?
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: What element is He?
A: He is Helium, element number 2.

Q: Tell me about the element Technetium.
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is cesium on the periodic table
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: which element is number 20
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: what is the symbol for radon
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: What category is Samarium?
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is Scandium?
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Hydrogen?
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 47
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: What group is Lanthanum in?
A: Lanthanum is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What's Copernicium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: What element is 20?
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: What is the atomic number of Nitrogen?
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: What kind of element is Curium?
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: Is Rhodium a metal?
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: what is the atomic number of iridium
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: What does Lr stand for?
A: Lr is Lawrencium, element number 103.

Q: which element is cf
A: Cf is Californium, element number 98.

Q: Is Gadolinium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Gadolinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Europium?
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: What element is 10?
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: What family is Silver in?
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: is actinium a metal or nonmetal
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: What's Oxygen's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: which elements are noble gases
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: which element is zr
A: Zr is Zirconium, element number 40.

Q: What is Beryllium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: What is the atomic number of Niobium?
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: What kind of element is Tellurium?
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: What element is 74?
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: Erbium is which element number?
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: where is plutonium on the periodic table
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: give me info on thallium
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is rhodium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Rhodium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 28
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: What's element number 15?
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: Which element has the symbol Cd?
A: Cd is Cadmium, element number 48.

Q: Where is Praseodymium on the periodic table?
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: What is Bismuth?
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Cadmium?
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element lawrencium
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: Tell me about the element Nobelium.
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: What is the symbol for Nitrogen?
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: what number is lithium
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: What period and group is Curium in?
A: Curium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what category is berkelium
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: describe cesium
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is fluorine in
A: Fluorine is in the p-block.

Q: Where is Beryllium on the periodic table?
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: Is Hafnium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Hafnium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 115
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: What group is Flerovium in?
A: Flerovium is in group 14, period 7.

Q: what can you tell me about berkelium
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: what is gallium's symbol
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: tell me about the element gold
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is thorium's symbol
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: where is moscovium on the periodic table
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: Which element has the symbol Pb?
A: Pb is Lead, element number 82.

Q: what period and group is radon in
A: Radon is in group 18, period 6.

Q: what can you tell me about flerovium
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: how many transition metals are there
A: There are 39 transition metals among the 118 elements.

Q: What is the symbol for Uranium?
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: is americium a metal or nonmetal
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: What is Lutetium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: What group is Astatine in?
A: Astatine is in group 17, period 6.

Q: Which element is number 7?
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: What is the atomic number of Phosphorus?
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: What block is Phosphorus in?
A: Phosphorus is in the p-block.

Q: give me info on manganese
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Mendelevium on the periodic table?
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: what category is plutonium
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: What's element number 41?
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: what category is terbium
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element is atomic number 17?
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: what category is europium
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element has the symbol Cf?
A: Cf is Californium, element number 98.

Q: What does Gd stand for?
A: Gd is Gadolinium, element number 64.

Q: How do you write Magnesium?
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: Tell me about the element Oganesson.
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: Which element is Se?
A: Se is Selenium, element number 34.

Q: what block is lead in
A: Lead is in the p-block.

Q: tell me about the element beryllium
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Neptunium at room temperature?
A: Neptunium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is cobalt
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: What state is Gallium at room temperature?
A: Gallium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for nickel
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: Br is which element?
A: Br is Bromine, element number 35.

Q: How do you write Tin?
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: What number is Uranium on the periodic table?
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: Where is Lanthanum on the periodic table?
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: what number is cesium
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: what element has atomic number 72
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: What group is Calcium in?
A: Calcium is in group 2, period 4.

Q: how do you write iridium
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: What state is Manganese at room temperature?
A: Manganese is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is oganesson
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: How do you write Samarium?
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: What element is 28?
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: Which element is atomic number 31?
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: What element is 90?
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: What is the symbol for Berkelium?
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: What block is Ytterbium in?
A: Ytterbium is in the f-block.

Q: Is Hassium a metal?
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: what type of element is actinium
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: What is the symbol for Indium?
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: What is the symbol for Californium?
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: What number is Oxygen?
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: what kind of element is neptunium
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: which element is atomic number 15
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: what's element number 31
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: What number is Indium on the periodic table?
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: what group is indium in
A: Indium is in group 13, period 5.

Q: what group is einsteinium in
A: Einsteinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What kind of element is Tin?
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: What's element number 33?
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: Tell me about Terbium.
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for strontium
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: tell me about the element rhenium
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is iodine in
A: Iodine is in the p-block.

Q: What element has atomic number 19?
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: which element has the symbol dy
A: Dy is Dysprosium, element number 66.

Q: What does Na stand for?
A: Na is Sodium, element number 11.

Q: what does ho stand for
A: Ho is Holmium, element number 67.

Q: Give me a nonmetal.
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: What element has atomic number 115?
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: Is Bismuth a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Bismuth is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Strontium?
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: what is element 8
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: which element is atomic number 72
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: Which element has the symbol Hg?
A: Hg is Mercury, element number 80.

Q: Which element is number 47?
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: what's antimony's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: What kind of element is Tantalum?
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: what period and group is phosphorus in
A: Phosphorus is in group 15, period 3.

Q: what family is xenon in
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: what number is radium on the periodic table
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: What block is Nickel in?
A: Nickel is in the d-block.

Q: What number is Bismuth on the periodic table?
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: What can you tell me about Radon?
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: where is livermorium on the periodic table
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: What can you tell me about Indium?
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is mercury a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Mercury is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: what family is moscovium in
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What does Ar stand for?
A: Ar is Argon, element number 18.

Q: what is element 90
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Titanium?
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: tell me about the element dysprosium
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Fe?
A: Fe is Iron, element number 26.

Q: What's Darmstadtium's atomic number?
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: what group is curium in
A: Curium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: Is Helium a metal?
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: What is element 118?
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: tell me about oganesson
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: Which element is Lu?
A: Lu is Lutetium, element number 71.

Q: Which element is number 100?
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: Tell me about the element Plutonium.
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Seaborgium in?
A: Seaborgium is in the d-block.

Q: What can you tell me about Scandium?
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the atomic number of arsenic
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: Is Mercury a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Mercury is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 73?
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: Is Sodium a metal?
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: What group is Holmium in?
A: Holmium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What is Lithium?
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is lithium on the periodic table
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: which element has the symbol es
A: Es is Einsteinium, element number 99.

Q: Which element has the symbol Fl?
A: Fl is Flerovium, element number 114.

Q: what family is curium in
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: What number is Iridium on the periodic table?
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: What type of element is Rubidium?
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: What type of element is Niobium?
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Rhenium.
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Arsenic a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Arsenic is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on samarium
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Nitrogen in?
A: Nitrogen is in the p-block.

Q: What group is Erbium in?
A: Erbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Where is Bromine on the periodic table?
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: What can you tell me about Titanium?
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is li
A: Li is Lithium, element number 3.

Q: What family is Hydrogen in?
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: what can you tell me about polonium
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what state is manganese at room temperature
A: Manganese is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Neptunium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Neptunium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Copernicium?
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: What's the symbol for Einsteinium?
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: what category is vanadium
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: what number is bohrium on the periodic table
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: which element is ac
A: Ac is Actinium, element number 89.

Q: What block is Iridium in?
A: Iridium is in the d-block.

Q: is cadmium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Cadmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about iron
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is tantalum
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: Give me info on Meitnerium.
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: what's element number 13
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: What is Lawrencium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: Praseodymium is which element number?
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: What group is Sodium in?
A: Sodium is in group 1, period 3.

Q: Tell me about the element Praseodymium.
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: cm is which element
A: Cm is Curium, element number 96.

Q: What's the symbol for Dysprosium?
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: What is the atomic number of Protactinium?
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: What is element 37?
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: What family is Strontium in?
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what can you tell me about technetium
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Carbon in?
A: Carbon is in group 14, period 2.

Q: Give me info on Iron.
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 12
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: What type of element is Astatine?
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: What does Ts stand for?
A: Ts is Tennessine, element number 117.

Q: what is the atomic number of plutonium
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: What is Tungsten's symbol?
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: What family is Flerovium in?
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: which element is nb
A: Nb is Niobium, element number 41.

Q: What number is Uranium?
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: What group is Magnesium in?
A: Magnesium is in group 2, period 3.

Q: Cobalt is which element number?
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: What state is Krypton at room temperature?
A: Krypton is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What number is Actinium?
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: What does Pb stand for?
A: Pb is Lead, element number 82.

Q: Where is Berkelium on the periodic table?
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: What is the atomic number of Boron?
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: Og is which element?
A: Og is Oganesson, element number 118.

Q: How do you write Phosphorus?
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: What's Germanium's atomic number?
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: Which element is number 91?
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: what family is lutetium in
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: What element is Rn?
A: Rn is Radon, element number 86.

Q: list the noble gases
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: Which element is atomic number 101?
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: What number is Radium?
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: What does Hg stand for?
A: Hg is Mercury, element number 80.

Q: What is Carbon?
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol fl
A: Fl is Flerovium, element number 114.

Q: what is vanadium's symbol
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: Which element is number 107?
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: Where is Moscovium on the periodic table?
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: What number is Nickel on the periodic table?
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: Is Terbium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is praseodymium
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is fm
A: Fm is Fermium, element number 100.

Q: what type of element is fluorine
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: what family is iron in
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: what group is nihonium in
A: Nihonium is in group 13, period 7.

Q: arsenic is which element number
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: What block is Einsteinium in?
A: Einsteinium is in the f-block.

Q: Which element is number 52?
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: lu is which element
A: Lu is Lutetium, element number 71.

Q: what is the atomic number of berkelium
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: What block is Uranium in?
A: Uranium is in the f-block.

Q: what block is manganese in
A: Manganese is in the d-block.

Q: what's the symbol for curium
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: What is the symbol for Aluminium?
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: What number is Carbon on the periodic table?
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: what block is seaborgium in
A: Seaborgium is in the d-block.

Q: tell me about the element nickel
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Radium at room temperature?
A: Radium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Curium?
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: what period and group is meitnerium in
A: Meitnerium is in group 9, period 7.

Q: What category is Gold?
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about cerium
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Lutetium?
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Hydrogen?
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: Which element is Gd?
A: Gd is Gadolinium, element number 64.

Q: What does Y stand for?
A: Y is Yttrium, element number 39.

Q: what is the atomic number of thulium
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: What is the symbol for Neptunium?
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: what's arsenic's atomic number
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: what element is pt
A: Pt is Platinum, element number 78.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Rutherfordium?
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: How do you write Seaborgium?
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: What does Ga stand for?
A: Ga is Gallium, element number 31.

Q: What state is Niobium at room temperature?
A: Niobium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 59?
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: what can you tell me about oganesson
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: What are the noble gases?
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: What can you tell me about Gadolinium?
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for plutonium
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: What's Iron's atomic number?
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: What can you tell me about Neon?
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: give me info on silver
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Ir is which element?
A: Ir is Iridium, element number 77.

Q: Tell me about Rubidium.
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 34
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: What number is Platinum?
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: what period and group is indium in
A: Indium is in group 13, period 5.

Q: What category is Americium?
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: give me a alkaline earth metal
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: What type of element is Meitnerium?
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: What type of element is Xenon?
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: What's element number 76?
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: What is an atomic number?
A: The atomic number is the number of protons in an element's nucleus.

Q: What family is group 1?
A: Group 1 is the alkali metals, plus hydrogen.

Q: What kind of element is Berkelium?
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: What state is Tin at room temperature?
A: Tin is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Cf?
A: Cf is Californium, element number 98.

Q: Which element has the symbol As?
A: As is Arsenic, element number 33.

Q: what can you tell me about neon
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of vanadium
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: What can you tell me about Lithium?
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 115
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: What's Osmium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: what period and group is protactinium in
A: Protactinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what is element 3
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: What group is Selenium in?
A: Selenium is in group 16, period 4.

Q: Which element is Sm?
A: Sm is Samarium, element number 62.

Q: What's element number 72?
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Protactinium?
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: describe tin
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Niobium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Niobium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's darmstadtium's atomic number
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: What period and group is Samarium in?
A: Samarium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What is element 19?
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: Is Beryllium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Where is Nihonium on the periodic table?
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: Which element is number 58?
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: what's the symbol for fermium
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: which element is atomic number 39
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: what number is cobalt on the periodic table
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: what's plutonium's atomic number
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: which element is atomic number 112
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: Give me info on Lanthanum.
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 77?
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: Where is Terbium on the periodic table?
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: what family is zirconium in
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is Rn?
A: Rn is Radon, element number 86.

Q: tell me about the element iridium
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Phosphorus in?
A: Phosphorus is in group 15, period 3.

Q: What can you tell me about Zirconium?
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is zirconium
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is manganese on the periodic table
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: Which element is atomic number 20?
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: what period and group is beryllium in
A: Beryllium is in group 2, period 2.

Q: What number is Americium on the periodic table?
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: what block is astatine in
A: Astatine is in the p-block.

Q: Tell me about Sulfur.
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is number 28
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: What number is Moscovium on the periodic table?
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Antimony?
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: what is the symbol for ruthenium
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: what group is francium in
A: Francium is in group 1, period 7.

Q: What period and group is Lead in?
A: Lead is in group 14, period 6.

Q: Which element is number 36?
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: where is lead on the periodic table
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: What element has atomic number 61?
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: what is element 58
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: What is the symbol for Cerium?
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: what block is meitnerium in
A: Meitnerium is in the d-block.

Q: What element is Bk?
A: Bk is Berkelium, element number 97.

Q: Describe Cadmium.
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Bh?
A: Bh is Bohrium, element number 107.

Q: Is Phosphorus a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Phosphorus is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is beryllium in
A: Beryllium is in the s-block.

Q: which element is atomic number 21
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: What kind of element is Yttrium?
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Lutetium?
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: what state is nitrogen at room temperature
A: Nitrogen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what's argon's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: what element is 107
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: What's the symbol for Erbium?
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: what is the symbol for dysprosium
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: what type of element is arsenic
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: what element is 101
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: what is the atomic number of potassium
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: give me a metalloid
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: What period and group is Argon in?
A: Argon is in group 18, period 3.

Q: what number is nobelium
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: cobalt is which element number
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: Which element is number 66?
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: which element is number 75
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: which element has the symbol pa
A: Pa is Protactinium, element number 91.

Q: what kind of element is lithium
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: what is the symbol for boron
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: What can you tell me about Meitnerium?
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: How many alkali metals are there?
A: There are 6 alkali metals among the 118 elements.

Q: What element is 113?
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: What family is Ruthenium in?
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 46
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: which element is atomic number 38
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: Which element has the symbol Am?
A: Am is Americium, element number 95.

Q: what is chromium's symbol
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: Is Astatine a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Astatine is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Promethium a metal?
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is es
A: Es is Einsteinium, element number 99.

Q: What kind of element is Carbon?
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: what number is actinium
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: Which element has the symbol Er?
A: Er is Erbium, element number 68.

Q: Which element is number 14?
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: what number is fluorine on the periodic table
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: Is Zirconium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is number 9?
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: What is Francium?
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol ca
A: Ca is Calcium, element number 20.

Q: Where is Rutherfordium on the periodic table?
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: which element is atomic number 93
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: what can you tell me about aluminium
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 82?
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: Give me info on Bromine.
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 7?
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: What's Neptunium's atomic number?
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: Which element is atomic number 4?
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: Give me info on Sodium.
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is mercury's symbol
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: Which element is number 44?
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: What element is 71?
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: what family is group 18
A: Group 18 is the noble gases.

Q: what block is yttrium in
A: Yttrium is in the d-block.

Q: tell me about strontium
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Antimony a metal or nonmetal?
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: what group is radium in
A: Radium is in group 2, period 7.

Q: What family is Seaborgium in?
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Polonium?
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: What's Nickel's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: what number is oxygen
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: What can you tell me about Lutetium?
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is pd
A: Pd is Palladium, element number 46.

Q: What is the atomic number of Lanthanum?
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: what's the symbol for darmstadtium
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: what is the atomic number of bohrium
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: What group is Livermorium in?
A: Livermorium is in group 16, period 7.

Q: What family is Rhodium in?
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: give me a nonmetal
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: what type of element is livermorium
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 2?
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: which element is atomic number 62
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: He is which element?
A: He is Helium, element number 2.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Oxygen?
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: tell me about the element fluorine
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is Iodine?
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Iodine?
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: what number is praseodymium
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: Where is Cerium on the periodic table?
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: what family is silicon in
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: What number is Rhenium on the periodic table?
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: what is einsteinium
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: Is Zirconium a metal?
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: Give me a alkali metal.
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: what is tin's symbol
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: What number is Actinium on the periodic table?
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: Is Lanthanum a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Lanthanum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Mendelevium?
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: What is element 46?
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: what does nb stand for
A: Nb is Niobium, element number 41.

Q: Which element is number 78?
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: what category is erbium
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: What family is Moscovium in?
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Where is Selenium on the periodic table?
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: What's the symbol for Titanium?
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: what element is ti
A: Ti is Titanium, element number 22.

Q: which element is number 102
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: what is a column on the periodic table
A: A group is a vertical column of the periodic table. There are eighteen groups.

Q: What family is Osmium in?
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Americium?
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: What element is Er?
A: Er is Erbium, element number 68.

Q: what's element number 81
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: What kind of element is Antimony?
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: what period and group is technetium in
A: Technetium is in group 7, period 5.

Q: What are the alkaline earth metals?
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: What does Pm stand for?
A: Pm is Promethium, element number 61.

Q: describe francium
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Berkelium.
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: what number is mendelevium on the periodic table
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ba?
A: Ba is Barium, element number 56.

Q: what element has atomic number 61
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: What family is Francium in?
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: List the nonmetals.
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: what's element number 46
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: What is Lanthanum?
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Thorium in?
A: Thorium is in the f-block.

Q: show me the post-transition metals
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: What is Fermium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: what is element 78
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: what element has atomic number 105
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: what is the symbol for titanium
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: what's element number 36
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: Describe Zirconium.
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 116
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: Describe Osmium.
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Hydrogen.
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: is gallium a metal or nonmetal
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is moscovium
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 84
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: what group is actinium in
A: Actinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: how do you write holmium
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: What state is Nitrogen at room temperature?
A: Nitrogen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Strontium?
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: Is Copernicium a metal?
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: what number is beryllium on the periodic table
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: What is element 57?
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: what group is livermorium in
A: Livermorium is in group 16, period 7.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Terbium?
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: what number is seaborgium
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: What's Sodium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: what element is tm
A: Tm is Thulium, element number 69.

Q: Is Yttrium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: what element is rn
A: Rn is Radon, element number 86.

Q: Which element is Mg?
A: Mg is Magnesium, element number 12.

Q: what does ir stand for
A: Ir is Iridium, element number 77.

Q: what can you tell me about praseodymium
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 20
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: what can you tell me about osmium
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Gadolinium in?
A: Gadolinium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what is element 91
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: Is Zinc a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Zinc is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is niobium in
A: Niobium is in group 5, period 5.

Q: what are lanthanides?
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: which element is number 117
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: what's the symbol for dubnium
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: is cesium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Cesium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Manganese?
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: what's barium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: What category is Californium?
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ir?
A: Ir is Iridium, element number 77.

Q: Is Plutonium a metal?
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: What type of element is Mendelevium?
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: Describe Erbium.
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is tellurium a metal
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: what block is potassium in
A: Potassium is in the s-block.

Q: what family is francium in
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: what does am stand for
A: Am is Americium, element number 95.

Q: What's element number 29?
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: what number is copper on the periodic table
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: What does Bh stand for?
A: Bh is Bohrium, element number 107.

Q: Which element is Po?
A: Po is Polonium, element number 84.

Q: Tell me about Nickel.
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Silver?
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: What category is Platinum?
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: is thallium a metal
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is element 13
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: Which element is Mo?
A: Mo is Molybdenum, element number 42.

Q: what's the symbol for francium
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: what family is group 2
A: Group 2 is the alkaline earth metals.

Q: is cadmium a metal or nonmetal
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: What element is Pa?
A: Pa is Protactinium, element number 91.

Q: What element is 85?
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: is indium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Indium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's europium's atomic number
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: Which element has the symbol H?
A: H is Hydrogen, element number 1.

Q: Tell me about the element Rutherfordium.
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for fermium
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: what type of element is rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: What's element number 47?
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: What element is 114?
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: What type of element is Hydrogen?
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: What element has atomic number 117?
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: which element has the symbol ar
A: Ar is Argon, element number 18.

Q: which element is cu
A: Cu is Copper, element number 29.

Q: what is gadolinium's symbol
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: What's the symbol for Tin?
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: What type of element is Selenium?
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: What state is Technetium at room temperature?
A: Technetium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Moscovium in?
A: Moscovium is in the p-block.

Q: What's Cesium's atomic number?
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: What number is Lawrencium?
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: What's Dysprosium's atomic number?
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: What category is Rutherfordium?
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: what type of element is erbium
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: where is radium on the periodic table
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: is europium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Europium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Bismuth?
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: How many alkaline earth metals are there?
A: There are 6 alkaline earth metals among the 118 elements.

Q: is iridium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Iridium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 1?
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: give me info on neodymium
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what state is chromium at room temperature
A: Chromium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is antimony a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Antimony is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 48?
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: What type of element is Flerovium?
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element selenium
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write hafnium
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: what's element number 23
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: What's Lutetium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: what is nihonium's symbol
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: what family is arsenic in
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: Is Gold a metal?
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: thorium is which element number
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: Describe Moscovium.
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: What is element 43?
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: what is the symbol for chromium
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: What family is Radium in?
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what block is plutonium in
A: Plutonium is in the f-block.

Q: what's francium's atomic number
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: what category is tungsten
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: What element is 8?
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: What type of element is Platinum?
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: Is Dubnium a metal?
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: What does Cf stand for?
A: Cf is Californium, element number 98.

Q: What period and group is Palladium in?
A: Palladium is in group 10, period 5.

Q: al is which element
A: Al is Aluminium, element number 13.

Q: is radon a metal or nonmetal
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: what kind of element is thulium
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: Is Silver a metal?
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: what is hafnium's symbol
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: what's element number 21
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: what group is seaborgium in
A: Seaborgium is in group 6, period 7.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Vanadium?
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: Tell me about the element Beryllium.
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 110?
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: What group is Strontium in?
A: Strontium is in group 2, period 5.

Q: is iodine a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Iodine is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for tin
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Radon?
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: What family is Roentgenium in?
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: what's the symbol for copernicium
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: what's uranium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: What element is 13?
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: tell me about curium
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: What category is Oganesson?
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: What number is Rhodium?
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: what's neodymium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: What number is Osmium?
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: which elements are liquid at room temperature
A: Only Mercury and Bromine are liquid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for nihonium
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of oxygen
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: what is the atomic number of mendelevium
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: What is element 49?
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: Tell me about the element Gold.
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Hafnium on the periodic table?
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: how do you write lawrencium
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: What number is Fermium?
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: what element is si
A: Si is Silicon, element number 14.

Q: Which element is Cf?
A: Cf is Californium, element number 98.

Q: which element has the symbol no
A: No is Nobelium, element number 102.

Q: What's element number 62?
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: What number is Americium?
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: what element has atomic number 54
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: what kind of element is tin
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for silicon
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: Describe Darmstadtium.
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: What is element 16?
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: what state is samarium at room temperature
A: Samarium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Rh?
A: Rh is Rhodium, element number 45.

Q: What is the symbol for Thallium?
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: Tell me about the element Thallium.
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Technetium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: What's Rhodium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: Which element has the symbol Pt?
A: Pt is Platinum, element number 78.

Q: What element has atomic number 21?
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: is darmstadtium a metal or nonmetal
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: In is which element?
A: In is Indium, element number 49.

Q: what element is ne
A: Ne is Neon, element number 10.

Q: What category is Zirconium?
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: What can you tell me about Helium?
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: what's element number 111
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: What period and group is Tungsten in?
A: Tungsten is in group 6, period 6.

Q: What can you tell me about Plutonium?
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Darmstadtium?
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: What does Lu stand for?
A: Lu is Lutetium, element number 71.

Q: what element has atomic number 51
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: what number is dubnium
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: how do you write arsenic
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: what is oxygen's symbol
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Neon?
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: Which element is O?
A: O is Oxygen, element number 8.

Q: is xenon a metal or nonmetal
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: Which element is number 109?
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: What is the symbol for Gold?
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: What number is Arsenic?
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: What group is Silicon in?
A: Silicon is in group 14, period 3.

Q: What kind of element is Osmium?
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: What's element number 26?
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: What state is Rhodium at room temperature?
A: Rhodium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Lutetium is which element number?
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: Is Tin a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Tin is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Californium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: what does si stand for
A: Si is Silicon, element number 14.

Q: Is Rutherfordium a metal?
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: What element is 21?
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: What's Manganese's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: Tell me about the element Einsteinium.
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: What's Technetium's atomic number?
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: pt is which element
A: Pt is Platinum, element number 78.

Q: what's rutherfordium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: which elements are actinides
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: What type of element is Bromine?
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: Tell me about Chromium.
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Boron.
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is sodium on the periodic table
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: o is which element
A: O is Oxygen, element number 8.

Q: What element is 105?
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: how do you write tin
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: how do you write oxygen
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: what number is scandium
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: What category is Bismuth?
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: What block is Gadolinium in?
A: Gadolinium is in the f-block.

Q: what is element 49
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: tell me about argon
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: what period and group is copper in
A: Copper is in group 11, period 4.

Q: what's erbium's atomic number
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: what block is germanium in
A: Germanium is in the p-block.

Q: what's the symbol for berkelium
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: what is niobium
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: sb is which element
A: Sb is Antimony, element number 51.

Q: what can you tell me about hafnium
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is radium
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What block is Rhodium in?
A: Rhodium is in the d-block.

Q: where is zinc on the periodic table
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: tell me about the element darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: What category is Thallium?
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What element is 117?
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: what type of element is gold
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: what number is dysprosium
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: Gd is which element?
A: Gd is Gadolinium, element number 64.

Q: What's Samarium's atomic number?
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: Is Rhodium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: What type of element is Molybdenum?
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: oganesson is which element number
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: what kind of element is livermorium
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What's Zirconium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: Describe Tin.
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Cl is which element?
A: Cl is Chlorine, element number 17.

Q: What number is Seaborgium?
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: what's the symbol for germanium
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Sulfur?
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: what can you tell me about tungsten
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for lithium
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: What's the symbol for Gallium?
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: What's the symbol for Americium?
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: what category is francium
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: what family is hafnium in
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Thorium a metal?
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: what element has atomic number 107
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: what period and group is lead in
A: Lead is in group 14, period 6.

Q: What does Np stand for?
A: Np is Neptunium, element number 93.

Q: where is curium on the periodic table
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: what state is polonium at room temperature
A: Polonium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Zirconium is which element number?
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: describe vanadium
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Darmstadtium in?
A: Darmstadtium is in group 10, period 7.

Q: what category is arsenic
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: What's the symbol for Strontium?
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: Which element is Br?
A: Br is Bromine, element number 35.

Q: Which element is Nd?
A: Nd is Neodymium, element number 60.

Q: what are noble gases
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: tell me about mercury
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: Is Radium a metal?
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Is Protactinium a metal?
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: what element is 47
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: what element is 11
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: where is strontium on the periodic table
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: Is Molybdenum a metal or nonmetal?
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: what's tennessine's atomic number
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: what is element 89
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: what's terbium's atomic number
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: what is element 104
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: What block is Lanthanum in?
A: Lanthanum is in the f-block.

Q: tell me about carbon
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Tennessine's symbol?
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: tellurium is which element number
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: Which elements are gases at room temperature?
A: The gaseous elements are Hydrogen, Helium, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Fluorine, Neon, Chlorine, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, and Radon.

Q: tell me about the element molybdenum
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 22
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: What element is O?
A: O is Oxygen, element number 8.

Q: What is the atomic number of Iodine?
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of einsteinium
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: what family is lawrencium in
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: where is radon on the periodic table
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: describe boron
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Ytterbium in?
A: Ytterbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what is radium
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Name the gaseous elements.
A: The gaseous elements are Hydrogen, Helium, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Fluorine, Neon, Chlorine, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, and Radon.

Q: is silver a metal or nonmetal
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 29
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: Which element has the symbol Sg?
A: Sg is Seaborgium, element number 106.

Q: What is Samarium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: Where is Dubnium on the periodic table?
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of darmstadtium
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: Tell me about the element Nitrogen.
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Berkelium?
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: What is Tantalum's symbol?
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: Which element is atomic number 55?
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: What state is Terbium at room temperature?
A: Terbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Iridium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: What is Krypton's symbol?
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: What block is Titanium in?
A: Titanium is in the d-block.

Q: What number is Cerium?
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: what's element number 48
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: er is which element
A: Er is Erbium, element number 68.

Q: what does sn stand for
A: Sn is Tin, element number 50.

Q: What is element 111?
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: what kind of element is tennessine
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: what category is ruthenium
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: what category is oganesson
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: Tell me about Iridium.
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Nobelium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: tell me about gold
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is sulfur
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Chlorine?
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: What period and group is Tennessine in?
A: Tennessine is in group 17, period 7.

Q: What element has atomic number 10?
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: give me info on argon
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: which element is number 48
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: Which element is number 115?
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: Is Francium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: Show me the alkali metals.
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: what can you tell me about iridium
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of gadolinium
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: is holmium a metal
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: What category is Praseodymium?
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is element 99
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: What number is Promethium?
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: what is the symbol for neptunium
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: what period and group is antimony in
A: Antimony is in group 15, period 5.

Q: what element is 24
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: what is the symbol for argon
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: what family is bismuth in
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: Give me info on Terbium.
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is bromine
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: what state is plutonium at room temperature
A: Plutonium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is molybdenum
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Tellurium?
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: What's element number 65?
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: is sodium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Sodium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Silicon?
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Radium.
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Bh is which element?
A: Bh is Bohrium, element number 107.

Q: What is element 113?
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: What kind of element is Iridium?
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element cobalt
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what are the nonmetals
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: what type of element is lithium
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: how do you write sodium
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: What element is 66?
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: What category is Sodium?
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: List the alkali metals.
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: what element is tc
A: Tc is Technetium, element number 43.

Q: what number is zirconium
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: which elements are nonmetals
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: what is phosphorus's symbol
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: describe iodine
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what are the noble gases
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: tell me about the element zirconium
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 45
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: What kind of element is Meitnerium?
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: What group is Technetium in?
A: Technetium is in group 7, period 5.

Q: Is Bohrium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: What element is Yb?
A: Yb is Ytterbium, element number 70.

Q: Where is Aluminium on the periodic table?
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: what number is sodium
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: What group is Thallium in?
A: Thallium is in group 13, period 6.

Q: What element has atomic number 75?
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: Name some metalloids.
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: what element is la
A: La is Lanthanum, element number 57.

Q: What family is Actinium in?
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: Give me info on Samarium.
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Astatine?
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: what category is tellurium
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: What's the symbol for Cesium?
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: europium is which element number
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: is seaborgium a metal or nonmetal
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Dubnium?
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: What is element 9?
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: which element is in
A: In is Indium, element number 49.

Q: Describe Aluminium.
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is manganese in
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: How do you write Platinum?
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: what is the symbol for bohrium
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: What does Ir stand for?
A: Ir is Iridium, element number 77.

Q: what number is nickel on the periodic table
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: what number is iron on the periodic table
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: What category is Xenon?
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: What block is Fermium in?
A: Fermium is in the f-block.

Q: what period and group is magnesium in
A: Magnesium is in group 2, period 3.

Q: describe krypton
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: which element is zn
A: Zn is Zinc, element number 30.

Q: what state is europium at room temperature
A: Europium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Sg?
A: Sg is Seaborgium, element number 106.

Q: which elements are lanthanides
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: What's the symbol for Nickel?
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: which element is number 83
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: what family is strontium in
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what group is vanadium in
A: Vanadium is in group 5, period 4.

Q: what element is 56
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: Is Technetium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Technetium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Arsenic in?
A: Arsenic is in group 15, period 4.

Q: what is element 45
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: What kind of element is Darmstadtium?
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: what family is berkelium in
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: what block is gold in
A: Gold is in the d-block.

Q: What element is 99?
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: what element is 18
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: what is the atomic number of aluminium
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: in is which element
A: In is Indium, element number 49.

Q: What's Tungsten's atomic number?
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: what number is meitnerium on the periodic table
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: is fluorine a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Fluorine is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What's Hafnium's atomic number?
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: Tell me about Hafnium.
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is selenium on the periodic table
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: what is element 65
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: Describe Meitnerium.
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: what does rn stand for
A: Rn is Radon, element number 86.

Q: What number is Seaborgium on the periodic table?
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: what state is strontium at room temperature
A: Strontium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Molybdenum a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Molybdenum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is thallium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Thallium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Neptunium.
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Fl?
A: Fl is Flerovium, element number 114.

Q: Tell me about Indium.
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Californium.
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: what element is zn
A: Zn is Zinc, element number 30.

Q: what element is 71
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: Tell me about Thallium.
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe praseodymium
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Rhodium?
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's helium's atomic number
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: what's the symbol for neon
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: Which element has the symbol Co?
A: Co is Cobalt, element number 27.

Q: what is the symbol for neodymium
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: what state is boron at room temperature
A: Boron is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about beryllium
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for tantalum
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: what family is radon in
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: what state is vanadium at room temperature
A: Vanadium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on mercury
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ag?
A: Ag is Silver, element number 47.

Q: What's element number 87?
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: is vanadium a metal or nonmetal
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: what element is 27
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: What is Iron's symbol?
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: How do you write Polonium?
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: What's the symbol for Bromine?
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: What element is 70?
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: What number is Cobalt on the periodic table?
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: What can you tell me about Neodymium?
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Nickel?
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 90
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: what is the atomic number of darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: what is the atomic number of copernicium
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: which element has the symbol cm
A: Cm is Curium, element number 96.

Q: Where is Thulium on the periodic table?
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: What is the atomic number of Neodymium?
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: What state is Bismuth at room temperature?
A: Bismuth is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is cerium
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Chromium at room temperature?
A: Chromium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 76?
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: What family is Platinum in?
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: What element is 51?
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: What family is Nickel in?
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: what is element 30
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: What kind of element is Tungsten?
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: What does At stand for?
A: At is Astatine, element number 85.

Q: which element is atomic number 82
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: describe nihonium
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: What's Ytterbium's atomic number?
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: What's the symbol for Neptunium?
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: What kind of element is Lead?
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Praseodymium?
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: what is element 87
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: is thorium a metal or nonmetal
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: Copper is which element number?
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: what family is molybdenum in
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of niobium
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: How do you write Lithium?
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: What group is Fluorine in?
A: Fluorine is in group 17, period 2.

Q: what element is 104
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: which element has the symbol pb
A: Pb is Lead, element number 82.

Q: Tell me about Palladium.
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is tungsten a metal
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 75?
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: what period and group is oganesson in
A: Oganesson is in group 18, period 7.

Q: What's element number 2?
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: Chromium is which element number?
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: What state is Helium at room temperature?
A: Helium is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Chromium?
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: what element is 52
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: which element has the symbol mo
A: Mo is Molybdenum, element number 42.

Q: Is Nitrogen a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Nitrogen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What's Europium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: what element has atomic number 96
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: What is the atomic number of Actinium?
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: What group is Argon in?
A: Argon is in group 18, period 3.

Q: What's element number 40?
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: What element is Y?
A: Y is Yttrium, element number 39.

Q: Which element has the symbol P?
A: P is Phosphorus, element number 15.

Q: what can you tell me about moscovium
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: what is platinum
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 107?
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: What is Copernicium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: What type of element is Californium?
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: which element has the symbol lr
A: Lr is Lawrencium, element number 103.

Q: where is californium on the periodic table
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: describe lithium
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Indium?
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Give me info on Europium.
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the most abundant element in the universe?
A: Hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe.

Q: what number is europium on the periodic table
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: Where is Chromium on the periodic table?
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: what is fermium's symbol
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: What element has atomic number 5?
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: what category is mercury
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: what is seaborgium
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: tell me about erbium
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Zinc in?
A: Zinc is in group 12, period 4.

Q: Where is Tellurium on the periodic table?
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: Cf is which element?
A: Cf is Californium, element number 98.

Q: Is Manganese a metal or nonmetal?
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of roentgenium
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: Give me info on Scandium.
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Hydrogen a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What's Scandium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: What is the symbol for Ruthenium?
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: Bohrium is which element number?
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: what's the symbol for aluminium
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: Which element is No?
A: No is Nobelium, element number 102.

Q: what state is bromine at room temperature
A: Bromine is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of bismuth
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: what element is in
A: In is Indium, element number 49.

Q: Which element is number 4?
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: Is Copernicium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: What state is Iron at room temperature?
A: Iron is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Dysprosium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Dysprosium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Ruthenium?
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Europium a metal?
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: Ga is which element?
A: Ga is Gallium, element number 31.

Q: What is the symbol for Thulium?
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: which element is atomic number 92
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: what element is 37
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: which element is atomic number 13
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: Vanadium is which element number?
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: what element is 76
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: What is the atomic number of Tin?
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: How do you write Fermium?
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: How many actinides are there?
A: There are 15 actinides among the 118 elements.

Q: What category is Curium?
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: what can you tell me about cadmium
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is livermorium on the periodic table
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: Is Scandium a metal?
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: What is Meitnerium?
A: Meitnerium is element 109, a transition metal.

Q: What type of element is Moscovium?
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is nihonium
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: Neptunium is which element number?
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: is einsteinium a metal or nonmetal
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: which element is number 99
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: What element has atomic number 49?
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: what does li stand for
A: Li is Lithium, element number 3.

Q: what element has atomic number 59
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ac?
A: Ac is Actinium, element number 89.

Q: Tell me about the element Titanium.
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 1
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: What is element 99?
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: what type of element is scandium
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: What block is Bromine in?
A: Bromine is in the p-block.

Q: Sulfur is which element number?
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: What's the symbol for Scandium?
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: what does ba stand for
A: Ba is Barium, element number 56.

Q: Rhenium is which element number?
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: Ge is which element?
A: Ge is Germanium, element number 32.

Q: What's Gallium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: where is actinium on the periodic table
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: se is which element
A: Se is Selenium, element number 34.

Q: What's Tantalum's atomic number?
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: what's xenon's atomic number
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: give me info on chromium
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Hassium.
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: what period and group is rutherfordium in
A: Rutherfordium is in group 4, period 7.

Q: Ni is which element?
A: Ni is Nickel, element number 28.

Q: Where is Vanadium on the periodic table?
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: what element has atomic number 57
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: give me info on radium
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Calcium?
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: which element is atomic number 49
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: Is Livermorium a metal?
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What element is Pr?
A: Pr is Praseodymium, element number 59.

Q: what number is molybdenum on the periodic table
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: What is Arsenic?
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's hassium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: Pu is which element?
A: Pu is Plutonium, element number 94.

Q: What is the symbol for Radium?
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: tell me about the element gadolinium
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 35?
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: What is Carbon's symbol?
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: what kind of element is chromium
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: give me info on krypton
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: what is element 17
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: Lead is which element number?
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: What period and group is Germanium in?
A: Germanium is in group 14, period 4.

Q: Tell me about Francium.
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 86
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: What state is Copper at room temperature?
A: Copper is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's thulium's atomic number
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: Tell me about the element Bismuth.
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Bromine?
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: Which element is F?
A: F is Fluorine, element number 9.

Q: tell me about chromium
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Neon on the periodic table?
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: give me info on dysprosium
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about dubnium
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: Is Tantalum a metal?
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: how do you write thorium
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: what number is lanthanum
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: describe fermium
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: What type of element is Rhodium?
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: What period and group is Hydrogen in?
A: Hydrogen is in group 1, period 1.

Q: what's actinium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: Is Samarium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: Se is which element?
A: Se is Selenium, element number 34.

Q: what is manganese
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Protactinium.
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Manganese?
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Magnesium?
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: which element is er
A: Er is Erbium, element number 68.

Q: Which element is atomic number 35?
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: Tell me about the element Erbium.
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Zinc.
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for iron
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: What is the atomic number of Cadmium?
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: Tell me about the element Promethium.
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is praseodymium
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: what number is helium
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: is gold a metal or nonmetal
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: What period and group is Oxygen in?
A: Oxygen is in group 16, period 2.

Q: What does Eu stand for?
A: Eu is Europium, element number 63.

Q: What does Ra stand for?
A: Ra is Radium, element number 88.

Q: what does yb stand for
A: Yb is Ytterbium, element number 70.

Q: Describe Praseodymium.
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Polonium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: What is Antimony?
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Technetium?
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: what is the symbol for cadmium
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: is americium a metal
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: What's the symbol for Lutetium?
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: what is element 29
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: tell me about the element tungsten
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is argon in
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: which element has the symbol co
A: Co is Cobalt, element number 27.

Q: What period and group is Niobium in?
A: Niobium is in group 5, period 5.

Q: what is the atomic number of erbium
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: is beryllium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Beryllium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Americium's atomic number?
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: What element is Lu?
A: Lu is Lutetium, element number 71.

Q: Give me info on Chlorine.
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 10?
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: What type of element is Chlorine?
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: what's astatine's atomic number
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: is helium a metal or nonmetal
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: what's curium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: what element has atomic number 100
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: what type of element is moscovium
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What is element 68?
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: is niobium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Niobium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is rhenium a metal or nonmetal
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: what group is antimony in
A: Antimony is in group 15, period 5.

Q: what's rhenium's atomic number
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: what kind of element is tungsten
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: How many lanthanides are there?
A: There are 15 lanthanides among the 118 elements.

Q: What's Erbium's atomic number?
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: what block is samarium in
A: Samarium is in the f-block.

Q: give me info on magnesium
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is In?
A: In is Indium, element number 49.

Q: Give me info on Livermorium.
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: What number is Terbium?
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: which element is number 52
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: what element is 7
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: Is Lead a metal or nonmetal?
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: What's Curium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: What family is Helium in?
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: What can you tell me about Nobelium?
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: what type of element is boron
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: Tell me about Oganesson.
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: what kind of element is holmium
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is vanadium
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Manganese?
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: give me a lanthanide
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: What state is Nickel at room temperature?
A: Nickel is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Rhenium?
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: Tell me about the element Protactinium.
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what state is iron at room temperature
A: Iron is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is francium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Francium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe ytterbium
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Oxygen?
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: is lead a metal
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 68
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: Where is Gallium on the periodic table?
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: Tungsten is which element number?
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: What's element number 49?
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: what number is uranium
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: What number is Zinc on the periodic table?
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: What period and group is Yttrium in?
A: Yttrium is in group 3, period 5.

Q: Is Fermium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: what is element 79
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: what does cr stand for
A: Cr is Chromium, element number 24.

Q: What kind of element is Rhodium?
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 63
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: is rutherfordium a metal or nonmetal
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: What state is Germanium at room temperature?
A: Germanium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Antimony's symbol?
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: What is the atomic number of Erbium?
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: what type of element is beryllium
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what is the atomic number of krypton
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: What group is Boron in?
A: Boron is in group 13, period 2.

Q: give me info on iridium
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: yttrium is which element number
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: Describe Nitrogen.
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element vanadium
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is lanthanum in
A: Lanthanum is in the f-block.

Q: What number is Lead on the periodic table?
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: What's Sodium's atomic number?
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: which element has the symbol tc
A: Tc is Technetium, element number 43.

Q: is bismuth a metal or nonmetal
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: What category is Technetium?
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: is thorium a metal
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: What can you tell me about Hafnium?
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Tellurium's atomic number?
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: What category is Darmstadtium?
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: What's element number 22?
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: How do you write Strontium?
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: describe radium
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is einsteinium a metal
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: What category is Lutetium?
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: What's the symbol for Plutonium?
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: What's Roentgenium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: what type of element is astatine
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: what element is 85
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: What number is Nobelium?
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: What family is Uranium in?
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: what's the symbol for rhodium
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: Which element is number 101?
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: What element is Ts?
A: Ts is Tennessine, element number 117.

Q: What type of element is Nickel?
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for terbium
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: what is the symbol for antimony
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: how do you write radium
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: What is Osmium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: What is the atomic number of Hafnium?
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: what category is thulium
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: What type of element is Rutherfordium?
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Lutetium?
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: What type of element is Praseodymium?
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: list the alkali metals
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: what can you tell me about copper
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is fluorine
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: what family is iridium in
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Silver?
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: what family is silver in
A: Silver is a transition metal.

At room temperature most elements are solid. Eleven elements are gases, and only two, mercury and bromine, are liquid. The noble gases in group 18 are colorless and very unreactive.

Q: what period and group is iodine in
A: Iodine is in group 17, period 5.

Q: what is element 15
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: what is the symbol for palladium
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: californium is which element number
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: what state is tungsten at room temperature
A: Tungsten is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Gadolinium?
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Nitrogen on the periodic table?
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: is ruthenium a metal
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: What state is Vanadium at room temperature?
A: Vanadium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Antimony a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Antimony is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Aluminium's atomic number?
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: what is bohrium
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: Is Fluorine a metal?
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: Which element is number 22?
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: Is Nickel a metal?
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: What's the symbol for Tantalum?
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: what period and group is gallium in
A: Gallium is in group 13, period 4.

Q: what's iridium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: what is the atomic number of roentgenium
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: Give me info on Einsteinium.
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: what period and group is thorium in
A: Thorium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what's yttrium's atomic number
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: what's the symbol for neptunium
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: Give me info on Chromium.
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Terbium.
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Neon in?
A: Neon is in group 18, period 2.

Q: what's roentgenium's atomic number
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: Is Uranium a metal?
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: what are alkali metals?
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: What state is Lutetium at room temperature?
A: Lutetium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Silicon in?
A: Silicon is in the p-block.

Q: what is the most abundant element in the universe
A: Hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe.

Q: What is Thorium?
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Beryllium?
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: is calcium a metal or nonmetal
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What does Cn stand for?
A: Cn is Copernicium, element number 112.

Q: which element is number 26
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: what element has atomic number 97
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: What element is Md?
A: Md is Mendelevium, element number 101.

Q: What's Lutetium's atomic number?
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: what does ce stand for
A: Ce is Cerium, element number 58.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ds?
A: Ds is Darmstadtium, element number 110.

Q: is gold a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Gold is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Tungsten.
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for arsenic
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: What number is Manganese?
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: What's Hassium's atomic number?
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: What period and group is Moscovium in?
A: Moscovium is in group 15, period 7.

Q: Which element has the symbol Si?
A: Si is Silicon, element number 14.

Q: what is the symbol for rutherfordium
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: what is element 27
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: what element is er
A: Er is Erbium, element number 68.

Q: Is Samarium a metal?
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is element 100?
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: What element is 109?
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: Po is which element?
A: Po is Polonium, element number 84.

Q: No is which element?
A: No is Nobelium, element number 102.

Q: what type of element is rhodium
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Manganese a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Manganese is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about radium
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what are the alkaline earth metals
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: what kind of element is americium
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: what element is cd
A: Cd is Cadmium, element number 48.

Q: What's the symbol for Cerium?
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: What is the atomic number of Neptunium?
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: what can you tell me about iodine
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's silicon's atomic number
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: What element is 97?
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: What is the symbol for Einsteinium?
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: what element has atomic number 18
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: What group is Tin in?
A: Tin is in group 14, period 5.

Q: which element is pm
A: Pm is Promethium, element number 61.

Q: What element is La?
A: La is Lanthanum, element number 57.

Q: What number is Chromium on the periodic table?
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: What is the atomic number of Thorium?
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: what is palladium
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 102?
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: what's polonium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: Which element is atomic number 11?
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: what is the atomic number of beryllium
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: where is europium on the periodic table
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: Cadmium is which element number?
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: what number is selenium
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: give me info on rhenium
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: magnesium is which element number
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: Which element is atomic number 54?
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: what is plutonium's symbol
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: which element is atomic number 71
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: what's element number 8
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: sn is which element
A: Sn is Tin, element number 50.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of radon
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: tell me about magnesium
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Xe is which element?
A: Xe is Xenon, element number 54.

Q: what is beryllium's symbol
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of flerovium
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: What element is 44?
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: Give me a transition metal.
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: What family is Manganese in?
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of lead
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: what type of element is platinum
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: what does mt stand for
A: Mt is Meitnerium, element number 109.

Q: What type of element is Iron?
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 118
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: which element is number 18
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: Name some nonmetals.
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: what number is titanium
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: what is the symbol for plutonium
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: tantalum is which element number
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: which element has the symbol lv
A: Lv is Livermorium, element number 116.

Q: Is Strontium a metal?
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Ba is which element?
A: Ba is Barium, element number 56.

Q: Is Promethium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: What number is Iron?
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: What family is Neptunium in?
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: What block is Terbium in?
A: Terbium is in the f-block.

Q: what number is actinium on the periodic table
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: What element has atomic number 71?
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: what number is fermium on the periodic table
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: What element is Og?
A: Og is Oganesson, element number 118.

Q: ti is which element
A: Ti is Titanium, element number 22.

Q: How do you write Tantalum?
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: what number is rubidium
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: What is Selenium?
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is cobalt in
A: Cobalt is in group 9, period 4.

Q: Which element is number 85?
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: what is the atomic number of nobelium
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: Which element is Lv?
A: Lv is Livermorium, element number 116.

Q: Where is Einsteinium on the periodic table?
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: give me info on vanadium
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Hydrogen?
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: what is the atomic number of germanium
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: What's Terbium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: What category is Niobium?
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is Ta?
A: Ta is Tantalum, element number 73.

Q: which element is f
A: F is Fluorine, element number 9.

Q: is barium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Barium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is moscovium in
A: Moscovium is in group 15, period 7.

Q: What element is 24?
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: What group is Cadmium in?
A: Cadmium is in group 12, period 5.

Q: What is the atomic number of Samarium?
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: what can you tell me about lutetium
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Cobalt?
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: what is the atomic number of manganese
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: What is the symbol for Meitnerium?
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: What number is Oganesson on the periodic table?
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: what is the atomic number of americium
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: What is the atomic number of Zirconium?
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: How do you write Helium?
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: How do you write Scandium?
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: what number is silver
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: What's Copper's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: What number is Moscovium?
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: what group is roentgenium in
A: Roentgenium is in group 11, period 7.

Q: Give me info on Thallium.
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is holmium on the periodic table
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: what are noble gases?
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: What's the symbol for Curium?
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: What family is Xenon in?
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: what's element number 25
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: what's element number 66
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: What element is Ni?
A: Ni is Nickel, element number 28.

Q: What's Protactinium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: what's iodine's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: What element is Ho?
A: Ho is Holmium, element number 67.

Q: describe oxygen
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what category is actinium
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: calcium is which element number
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: what can you tell me about selenium
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 18
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: og is which element
A: Og is Oganesson, element number 118.

Q: Is Europium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Europium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Mendelevium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: What can you tell me about Iridium?
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Berkelium?
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Beryllium?
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: niobium is which element number
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: is actinium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Actinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Gallium.
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is iron a metal
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: is helium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Helium is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What number is Sulfur on the periodic table?
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: what block is platinum in
A: Platinum is in the d-block.

Q: Is Tin a metal?
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: Where is Zirconium on the periodic table?
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: what element has atomic number 69
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: What is the atomic number of Fermium?
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: What category is Seaborgium?
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: what element is 19
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: What family is Sulfur in?
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: what element has atomic number 34
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: what number is tin on the periodic table
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: What is Scandium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: What does O stand for?
A: O is Oxygen, element number 8.

Q: what is rhodium
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Cadmium?
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Technetium in?
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: what's protactinium's atomic number
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: What category is Ytterbium?
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: what's lanthanum's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: Na is which element?
A: Na is Sodium, element number 11.

Q: Titanium is which element number?
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: How do you write Dubnium?
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: What group is Cesium in?
A: Cesium is in group 1, period 6.

Q: What family is Iron in?
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: Is Bohrium a metal?
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 57
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: which element is tc
A: Tc is Technetium, element number 43.

Q: what element has atomic number 39
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: What category is Scandium?
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: What's element number 104?
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: What is the symbol for Carbon?
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: Is Thorium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Thorium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe yttrium
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of fluorine
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: What is Neodymium?
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what are post-transition metals
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: Tell me about Moscovium.
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: Which element is number 3?
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: Tell me about the element Neodymium.
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is selenium's symbol
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: What block is Nihonium in?
A: Nihonium is in the p-block.

Q: What element is 31?
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: Hassium is which element number?
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: What period and group is Copper in?
A: Copper is in group 11, period 4.

Q: what can you tell me about lead
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Bismuth?
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: Tell me about the element Moscovium.
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: what number is fermium
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: Which element is atomic number 104?
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: what category is chromium
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Astatine?
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: Hydrogen is which element number?
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: What's element number 106?
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: what can you tell me about cerium
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 103
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: tell me about the element hafnium
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 28
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: what element is 23
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: What state is Phosphorus at room temperature?
A: Phosphorus is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 114?
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: How do you write Moscovium?
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: Tell me about Silicon.
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for oxygen
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: what period and group is cerium in
A: Cerium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: helium is which element number
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: what element has atomic number 24
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: What element is 3?
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: Cm is which element?
A: Cm is Curium, element number 96.

Q: how do you write chromium
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: what kind of element is californium
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: Which element is Ir?
A: Ir is Iridium, element number 77.

Q: describe oganesson
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: is bismuth a metal
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is the atomic number of hafnium
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: Is Nobelium a metal?
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: what's protactinium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: what is element 67
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: is helium a metal
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: is actinium a metal
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: What element is 39?
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: What group is Phosphorus in?
A: Phosphorus is in group 15, period 3.

Q: Describe Beryllium.
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is thallium
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Is Boron a metal?
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: tb is which element
A: Tb is Terbium, element number 65.

Q: What's element number 90?
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: Which element is P?
A: P is Phosphorus, element number 15.

Q: what number is rhodium on the periodic table
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of scandium
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: what number is rubidium on the periodic table
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: what is rhenium's symbol
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: What is the symbol for Calcium?
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: What period and group is Krypton in?
A: Krypton is in group 18, period 4.

Q: Is Berkelium a metal?
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: what can you tell me about ytterbium
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is ho
A: Ho is Holmium, element number 67.

Q: which element is atomic number 14
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: Tell me about Tellurium.
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Fm?
A: Fm is Fermium, element number 100.

Q: La is which element?
A: La is Lanthanum, element number 57.

Q: What is element 12?
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: Which element is number 111?
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: What does Sr stand for?
A: Sr is Strontium, element number 38.

Q: what period and group is barium in
A: Barium is in group 2, period 6.

Q: what is the atomic number of fluorine
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: What's the symbol for Promethium?
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: what is element 47
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: What can you tell me about Magnesium?
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Fermium's atomic number?
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: what type of element is nihonium
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is sm
A: Sm is Samarium, element number 62.

Q: what is element 38
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: tell me about the element rhodium
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 97?
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: Is Cesium a metal?
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Lawrencium.
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: What category is Potassium?
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: What's the symbol for Francium?
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: What's Rutherfordium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Carbon?
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: what number is ytterbium on the periodic table
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: what is the symbol for mercury
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: what's nitrogen's atomic number
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: Which element is atomic number 15?
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of iridium
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: What is Oganesson?
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: is gold a metal
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Lithium?
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: Give me info on Molybdenum.
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is cadmium
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about americium
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: Describe Neon.
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: describe carbon
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how many metalloids are there
A: There are 6 metalloids among the 118 elements.

Q: What type of element is Tellurium?
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: what is the atomic number of neon
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: which element has the symbol nd
A: Nd is Neodymium, element number 60.

Q: astatine is which element number
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: where is technetium on the periodic table
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: what state is neon at room temperature
A: Neon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What state is Silicon at room temperature?
A: Silicon is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of beryllium
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: What family is Lithium in?
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: what kind of element is helium
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Indium?
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: What kind of element is Molybdenum?
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: is cerium a metal
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: What group is Beryllium in?
A: Beryllium is in group 2, period 2.

Q: What number is Lutetium?
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: what kind of element is iridium
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Praseodymium?
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: what's the symbol for silver
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: What kind of element is Chlorine?
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: Which element is atomic number 98?
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: Which element is atomic number 36?
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: What's element number 110?
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: where is darmstadtium on the periodic table
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: tell me about gadolinium
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on einsteinium
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Sodium?
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: Is Platinum a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Platinum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 93?
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: what number is erbium on the periodic table
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: Which element has the symbol Mt?
A: Mt is Meitnerium, element number 109.

Q: What's Zinc's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: what is the atomic number of technetium
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: what state is tellurium at room temperature
A: Tellurium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 25?
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: what block is calcium in
A: Calcium is in the s-block.

Q: Which element is Bh?
A: Bh is Bohrium, element number 107.

Q: what can you tell me about gallium
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 56?
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: mendelevium is which element number
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: Show me the alkaline earth metals.
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: Is Phosphorus a metal?
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: what's element number 15
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: Is Fluorine a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Fluorine is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Is Actinium a metal?
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: which element is atomic number 19
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: What element is Mg?
A: Mg is Magnesium, element number 12.

Q: which element is ni
A: Ni is Nickel, element number 28.

Q: What kind of element is Silver?
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: Is Yttrium a metal?
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 53
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: Sg is which element?
A: Sg is Seaborgium, element number 106.

Q: What's Chromium's atomic number?
A: Chromium has atomic number 24.

Q: how do you write ytterbium
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: what's element number 58
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: what does bi stand for
A: Bi is Bismuth, element number 83.

Q: What element is Ta?
A: Ta is Tantalum, element number 73.

Q: What is the atomic number of Bismuth?
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: how do you write roentgenium
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: ar is which element
A: Ar is Argon, element number 18.

Q: Ruthenium is which element number?
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: what is element 20
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: What family is Antimony in?
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: which element is atomic number 48
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of neptunium
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: what's lutetium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: give me info on ytterbium
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 71?
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: What is Hafnium?
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is protactinium
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: give me info on sodium
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Flerovium.
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: what period and group is cadmium in
A: Cadmium is in group 12, period 5.

Q: what number is lawrencium
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: is francium a metal or nonmetal
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: what is the atomic number of silicon
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: what is the symbol for americium
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: What family is Krypton in?
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: what is element 114
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: what does rh stand for
A: Rh is Rhodium, element number 45.

Q: what is calcium's symbol
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: is potassium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Potassium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Lithium in?
A: Lithium is in group 1, period 2.

Q: what type of element is calcium
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what element is th
A: Th is Thorium, element number 90.

Q: How do you write Astatine?
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: What can you tell me about Argon?
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: what's hydrogen's atomic number
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: bh is which element
A: Bh is Bohrium, element number 107.

Q: is phosphorus a metal
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: what is roentgenium
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: what is element 39
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: give me info on astatine
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 57
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: What element is 48?
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: What group is Silver in?
A: Silver is in group 11, period 5.

Q: Which element is atomic number 83?
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: what type of element is promethium
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: What number is Cadmium on the periodic table?
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: What family is Rhenium in?
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: what is element 52
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: which element is yb
A: Yb is Ytterbium, element number 70.

Q: what is the symbol for niobium
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: What family is Palladium in?
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: what type of element is sodium
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Ruthenium?
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: What number is Calcium?
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: what element is mo
A: Mo is Molybdenum, element number 42.

Q: What block is Beryllium in?
A: Beryllium is in the s-block.

Q: what element is 54
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: What's Beryllium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: How do you write Bohrium?
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: what's element number 98
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: what state is niobium at room temperature
A: Niobium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol os
A: Os is Osmium, element number 76.

Q: What category is Strontium?
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Give me info on Astatine.
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is erbium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Erbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Arsenic in?
A: Arsenic is in group 15, period 4.

Q: what is roentgenium's symbol
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: is dubnium a metal or nonmetal
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: what number is oxygen on the periodic table
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: give me info on actinium
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Fluorine?
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: Where is Uranium on the periodic table?
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: What is Rhodium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: what does pr stand for
A: Pr is Praseodymium, element number 59.

Q: what is element 9
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: What's Germanium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: What's Chlorine's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: what element is at
A: At is Astatine, element number 85.

Q: what is the symbol for potassium
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: List the lanthanides.
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: give me info on fermium
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: what type of element is nitrogen
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: Scandium is which element number?
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: what does lu stand for
A: Lu is Lutetium, element number 71.

Q: what state is xenon at room temperature
A: Xenon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: where is osmium on the periodic table
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: What number is Cadmium?
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: Which element is number 38?
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: What can you tell me about Radium?
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Iron is which element number?
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: What are the actinides?
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: hs is which element
A: Hs is Hassium, element number 108.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of praseodymium
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: tell me about tellurium
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Hf stand for?
A: Hf is Hafnium, element number 72.

Q: what category is sodium
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: am is which element
A: Am is Americium, element number 95.

Q: what's seaborgium's atomic number
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: what type of element is gadolinium
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: es is which element
A: Es is Einsteinium, element number 99.

Q: what is element 6
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: What is the atomic number of Hydrogen?
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: Ag is which element?
A: Ag is Silver, element number 47.

Q: What is Barium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: What element is 112?
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: What is Uranium?
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Molybdenum is which element number?
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: what is chlorine
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what is flerovium
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: how do you write krypton
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: what's sulfur's atomic number
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: What is the symbol for Arsenic?
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: Which element is number 27?
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: Th is which element?
A: Th is Thorium, element number 90.

Q: What's Flerovium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: what is the symbol for manganese
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: what kind of element is dubnium
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: is flerovium a metal or nonmetal
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What can you tell me about Antimony?
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Aluminium?
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: Is Copper a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Copper is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Nihonium a metal?
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: What's element number 35?
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: Is Radon a metal?
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: Which element is atomic number 8?
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: What period and group is Copernicium in?
A: Copernicium is in group 12, period 7.

Q: which element is np
A: Np is Neptunium, element number 93.

Q: Which element is number 15?
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: Is Polonium a metal?
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What number is Palladium on the periodic table?
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: What family is Cobalt in?
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: What is Neptunium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: What element has atomic number 55?
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: which element is fr
A: Fr is Francium, element number 87.

Q: which element is number 63
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: what does b stand for
A: B is Boron, element number 5.

Q: what does i stand for
A: I is Iodine, element number 53.

Q: what is the atomic number of seaborgium
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: what is the atomic number of copper
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: describe calcium
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is silicon a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Silicon is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Dysprosium?
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol og
A: Og is Oganesson, element number 118.

Q: What period and group is Xenon in?
A: Xenon is in group 18, period 5.

Q: what's tellurium's atomic number
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: tell me about selenium
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 74
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: Describe Copernicium.
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: which element is ne
A: Ne is Neon, element number 10.

Q: what is nitrogen's symbol
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: what block is chlorine in
A: Chlorine is in the p-block.

Q: what type of element is tellurium
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: What is element 50?
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: what's polonium's atomic number
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: What element is 42?
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: which element is number 112
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: how do you write lanthanum
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: what group is krypton in
A: Krypton is in group 18, period 4.

Q: Which element is number 62?
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: what is mendelevium's symbol
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: what block is actinium in
A: Actinium is in the f-block.

Q: is berkelium a metal or nonmetal
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: nitrogen is which element number
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Nickel?
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: what's the symbol for scandium
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: give me info on osmium
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Arsenic in?
A: Arsenic is in the p-block.

Q: What kind of element is Neodymium?
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: what element is cl
A: Cl is Chlorine, element number 17.

Q: is xenon a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Xenon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about gold
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Zr stand for?
A: Zr is Zirconium, element number 40.

Q: what is copernicium
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: curium is which element number
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: What is the atomic number of Holmium?
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: what can you tell me about thulium
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Berkelium's atomic number?
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: What type of element is Tungsten?
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: is protactinium a metal or nonmetal
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: Is Magnesium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what can you tell me about bismuth
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Livermorium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What's Neptunium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: What family is Sodium in?
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: Which element is Bi?
A: Bi is Bismuth, element number 83.

Q: which element has the symbol li
A: Li is Lithium, element number 3.

Q: What can you tell me about Silicon?
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is oxygen on the periodic table
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: what can you tell me about rhenium
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Osmium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Osmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: cr is which element
A: Cr is Chromium, element number 24.

Q: What element is 102?
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: what is the atomic number of gold
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: what's lead's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: Where is Technetium on the periodic table?
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: What state is Indium at room temperature?
A: Indium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 65?
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: What's the symbol for Astatine?
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: give me info on lead
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Am is which element?
A: Am is Americium, element number 95.

Q: what period and group is yttrium in
A: Yttrium is in group 3, period 5.

Q: what element has atomic number 48
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: Is Lawrencium a metal?
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: What is Dubnium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: what's boron's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: what's the symbol for tungsten
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: which element is rh
A: Rh is Rhodium, element number 45.

Q: which element is number 94
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: tell me about the element potassium
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: cu is which element
A: Cu is Copper, element number 29.

Q: What is Lanthanum's symbol?
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: tell me about the element terbium
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Holmium?
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: What period and group is Thorium in?
A: Thorium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: Which element is Ne?
A: Ne is Neon, element number 10.

Q: What element is W?
A: W is Tungsten, element number 74.

Q: describe palladium
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about californium
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: what's the symbol for europium
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: What's Indium's atomic number?
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: Where is Rubidium on the periodic table?
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: Give me info on Polonium.
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Thallium in?
A: Thallium is in group 13, period 6.

Q: is zirconium a metal
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: what type of element is germanium
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: What period and group is Strontium in?
A: Strontium is in group 2, period 5.

Q: which element has the symbol se
A: Se is Selenium, element number 34.

Q: What group is Tellurium in?
A: Tellurium is in group 16, period 5.

Q: what element is 108
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: What's element number 34?
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: describe californium
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: what does zr stand for
A: Zr is Zirconium, element number 40.

Q: Which element has the symbol Sm?
A: Sm is Samarium, element number 62.

Q: What family is Germanium in?
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: What block is Selenium in?
A: Selenium is in the p-block.

Q: What is Argon's symbol?
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: What's Radium's atomic number?
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: What category is Manganese?
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: What's Calcium's atomic number?
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: tell me about thallium
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Beryllium?
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: is neodymium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Neodymium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is argon
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: What category is Gallium?
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: How do you write Cesium?
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: which element is os
A: Os is Osmium, element number 76.

Q: What element is 87?
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: is meitnerium a metal
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Rhenium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Rhenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Indium is which element number?
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: What is Chlorine's symbol?
A: The symbol for Chlorine is Cl.

Q: which element is mt
A: Mt is Meitnerium, element number 109.

Q: What number is Lead?
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: what is element 101
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: what's krypton's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: is silver a metal
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element manganese
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Scandium on the periodic table?
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: how do you write polonium
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: How do you write Zirconium?
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: what type of element is xenon
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: what element has atomic number 83
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: which element is atomic number 58
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: What number is Europium?
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: how do you write cesium
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: What element is 2?
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: what element is yb
A: Yb is Ytterbium, element number 70.

Q: what kind of element is moscovium
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What type of element is Ruthenium?
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Scandium.
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Moscovium a metal?
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Where is Thallium on the periodic table?
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: is bohrium a metal or nonmetal
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Sulfur a metal or nonmetal?
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: what can you tell me about hassium
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: Is Cerium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: What type of element is Silver?
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: what number is strontium on the periodic table
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: Is Magnesium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Magnesium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol O?
A: O is Oxygen, element number 8.

Q: how do you write terbium
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: what is the atomic number of magnesium
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: what's the symbol for indium
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: What is Hydrogen?
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: tell me about technetium
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: chlorine is which element number
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: What is the atomic number of Indium?
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: what element is pu
A: Pu is Plutonium, element number 94.

Q: What is Yttrium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: Which element has the symbol Tc?
A: Tc is Technetium, element number 43.

Q: What's element number 5?
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: What type of element is Fluorine?
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: tell me about the element mercury
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Cadmium in?
A: Cadmium is in the d-block.

Q: What is the symbol for Radon?
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: Give me a alkaline earth metal.
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: Describe Actinium.
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Oxygen in?
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: what are metalloids
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: is arsenic a metal
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: How do you write Hydrogen?
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: What kind of element is Gadolinium?
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element has the symbol h
A: H is Hydrogen, element number 1.

Q: Is Gallium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what does th stand for
A: Th is Thorium, element number 90.

Q: What is element 10?
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: What element is Na?
A: Na is Sodium, element number 11.

Q: tell me about radon
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: la is which element
A: La is Lanthanum, element number 57.

Q: Which element is number 83?
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: Which element is number 33?
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: what element is te
A: Te is Tellurium, element number 52.

Q: Which element is atomic number 65?
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: What is the symbol for Dubnium?
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: which element is na
A: Na is Sodium, element number 11.

Q: what's element number 42
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: What element is 95?
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: what state is tantalum at room temperature
A: Tantalum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Mendelevium.
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: How do you write Arsenic?
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: what is the symbol for seaborgium
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: How do you write Silicon?
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: What element is No?
A: No is Nobelium, element number 102.

Q: what category is calcium
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Describe Calcium.
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is lutetium
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: What element has atomic number 6?
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: what number is bromine on the periodic table
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: What kind of element is Krypton?
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: What is Erbium?
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does po stand for
A: Po is Polonium, element number 84.

Q: what state is gallium at room temperature
A: Gallium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is lutetium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Lutetium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Californium?
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: what is the symbol for calcium
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: Sc is which element?
A: Sc is Scandium, element number 21.

Q: Tell me about the element Flerovium.
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: S is which element?
A: S is Sulfur, element number 16.

Q: Palladium is which element number?
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: what kind of element is darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Carbon.
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 49?
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: What's Gold's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: where is magnesium on the periodic table
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: what does ge stand for
A: Ge is Germanium, element number 32.

Q: what type of element is krypton
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: describe lawrencium
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: what's element number 107
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: is tellurium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Tellurium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Ca?
A: Ca is Calcium, element number 20.

Q: How do you write Dysprosium?
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: what element is 9
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: Is Thallium a metal?
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for beryllium
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: What is element 45?
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: Tell me about Tantalum.
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Beryllium on the periodic table?
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: Fermium is which element number?
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: What block is Nobelium in?
A: Nobelium is in the f-block.

Q: What is element 107?
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: which element has the symbol cn
A: Cn is Copernicium, element number 112.

Q: describe astatine
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Erbium in?
A: Erbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what is cobalt's symbol
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: What's Hydrogen's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: what element is 84
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: what category is iron
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: What is element 74?
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: what state is molybdenum at room temperature
A: Molybdenum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 110?
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: what is the symbol for cerium
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: What block is Tennessine in?
A: Tennessine is in the p-block.

Q: What's the symbol for Nobelium?
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: Which element is number 17?
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: Which element has the symbol Sb?
A: Sb is Antimony, element number 51.

Q: How do you write Germanium?
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: what is element 88
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: what is the symbol for flerovium
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: what's element number 108
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: what element is sb
A: Sb is Antimony, element number 51.

Q: what's phosphorus's atomic number
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: Where is Oganesson on the periodic table?
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: what is magnesium
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 21
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: what block is osmium in
A: Osmium is in the d-block.

Q: Where is Holmium on the periodic table?
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: Tell me about Polonium.
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on uranium
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 2
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: Where is Tantalum on the periodic table?
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: What kind of element is Hydrogen?
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: what can you tell me about indium
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Sulfur.
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Pa?
A: Pa is Protactinium, element number 91.

Q: is rubidium a metal or nonmetal
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: Where is Iridium on the periodic table?
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: what's osmium's atomic number
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: What is element 72?
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: where is calcium on the periodic table
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: What's Einsteinium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: what element is 53
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: what state is cerium at room temperature
A: Cerium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Lutetium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element is number 84?
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: what element has atomic number 3
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: what element has atomic number 62
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: What element is Bi?
A: Bi is Bismuth, element number 83.

Q: what can you tell me about cesium
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 1?
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: is cobalt a metal or nonmetal
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of cobalt
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: What are the nonmetals?
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: which element is number 16
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: ac is which element
A: Ac is Actinium, element number 89.

Q: which element is atomic number 95
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: What does Au stand for?
A: Au is Gold, element number 79.

Q: what period and group is manganese in
A: Manganese is in group 7, period 4.

Q: Describe Sulfur.
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is dysprosium's symbol
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: What family is Scandium in?
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: where is berkelium on the periodic table
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: which element is he
A: He is Helium, element number 2.

Q: What's Francium's atomic number?
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: What can you tell me about Oganesson?
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: What kind of element is Copernicium?
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: which element has the symbol n
A: N is Nitrogen, element number 7.

Q: What element is Au?
A: Au is Gold, element number 79.

Q: Is Hydrogen a metal or nonmetal?
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: Tell me about Copernicium.
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 8
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: Where is Helium on the periodic table?
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: is argon a metal or nonmetal
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: How do you write Selenium?
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: what is element 107
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: Yttrium is which element number?
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: what's element number 73
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: is rhenium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Rhenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does ar stand for
A: Ar is Argon, element number 18.

Q: give me info on bismuth
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for vanadium
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: What does Rh stand for?
A: Rh is Rhodium, element number 45.

Q: what's element number 37
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: How do you write Antimony?
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: What number is Fluorine?
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: tell me about the element germanium
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is nickel
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: which element is number 37
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: what's element number 17
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: tell me about the element magnesium
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Seaborgium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Flerovium?
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: what element is 33
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: which element is number 77
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: what is the symbol for lithium
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: Describe Antimony.
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Nickel.
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 59?
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: ds is which element
A: Ds is Darmstadtium, element number 110.

Q: what element has atomic number 110
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: What's the symbol for Gold?
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: what state is argon at room temperature
A: Argon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is Silver?
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is nickel
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: How do you write Rhodium?
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: what element is f
A: F is Fluorine, element number 9.

Q: What number is Thulium?
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: what number is tennessine
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: Give me info on Ytterbium.
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is ytterbium
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: what block is silver in
A: Silver is in the d-block.

Q: Which element is H?
A: H is Hydrogen, element number 1.

Q: Which element is Hf?
A: Hf is Hafnium, element number 72.

Q: what is cerium's symbol
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: What is Strontium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: what group is lanthanum in
A: Lanthanum is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what's radon's atomic number
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: what's manganese's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: Which element is atomic number 33?
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: what's beryllium's atomic number
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: What number is Mendelevium?
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: What type of element is Technetium?
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: What category is Krypton?
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: what state is erbium at room temperature
A: Erbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 61?
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: Is Seaborgium a metal?
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: What is element 8?
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: which element has the symbol gd
A: Gd is Gadolinium, element number 64.

Q: where is arsenic on the periodic table
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: What is Neptunium?
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 50?
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: Is Dubnium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 95?
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: what's carbon's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: What element has atomic number 1?
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: What's Molybdenum's atomic number?
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: Radon is which element number?
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: Where is Manganese on the periodic table?
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: What's the symbol for Holmium?
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: Is Holmium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: what block is magnesium in
A: Magnesium is in the s-block.

Q: What's element number 18?
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: What element is Sc?
A: Sc is Scandium, element number 21.

Q: is oganesson a metal or nonmetal
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: describe xenon
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: What element is 58?
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: What's element number 27?
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: what are actinides
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: what is the symbol for iron
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: how do you write californium
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: is manganese a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Manganese is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 79?
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: Is Flerovium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Describe Europium.
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 40?
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: what number is hassium
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of palladium
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: give me info on copernicium
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: Is Ruthenium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Ruthenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Mendelevium in?
A: Mendelevium is in the f-block.

Q: what element is cu
A: Cu is Copper, element number 29.

Q: what element is h
A: H is Hydrogen, element number 1.

Q: what are lanthanides
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: tennessine is which element number
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: What element has atomic number 42?
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: what category is protactinium
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: Which element is atomic number 60?
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Gallium?
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: What is Niobium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: what does cl stand for
A: Cl is Chlorine, element number 17.

Q: what is the symbol for molybdenum
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: What is Zinc?
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Molybdenum in?
A: Molybdenum is in group 6, period 5.

Q: What state is Tellurium at room temperature?
A: Tellurium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 77
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: what's technetium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: Which element is atomic number 42?
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: what group is beryllium in
A: Beryllium is in group 2, period 2.

Q: which element is atomic number 5
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: which element is number 95
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: Where is Gadolinium on the periodic table?
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: what kind of element is bismuth
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: Is Gallium a metal?
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what period and group is tellurium in
A: Tellurium is in group 16, period 5.

Q: which element has the symbol tl
A: Tl is Thallium, element number 81.

Q: what's element number 91
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: What is Radon's symbol?
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: What block is Roentgenium in?
A: Roentgenium is in the d-block.

Q: where is protactinium on the periodic table
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: what is the symbol for polonium
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: what's element number 2
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: what's livermorium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: what element is 72
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: Is Calcium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Calcium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is xenon
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: Show me the noble gases.
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: what's element number 87
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: what type of element is dysprosium
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element has the symbol Rn?
A: Rn is Radon, element number 86.

Q: what is neon's symbol
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: Describe Titanium.
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is number 73
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: what's element number 1
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: Tell me about Bismuth.
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is number 47
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: What's Thulium's atomic number?
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: what family is oxygen in
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: which element is atomic number 79
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: what element is lv
A: Lv is Livermorium, element number 116.

Q: What is the atomic number of Radon?
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: show me the actinides
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: what can you tell me about uranium
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Iridium in?
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: is iridium a metal
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: describe tennessine
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: describe beryllium
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of barium
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: What can you tell me about Livermorium?
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: what element is 66
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: what's the symbol for lead
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: Which element is number 18?
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: What element is In?
A: In is Indium, element number 49.

Q: Tell me about Fermium.
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: Is Ruthenium a metal?
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: Describe Potassium.
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is copernicium on the periodic table
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: which element is number 100
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: What element has atomic number 92?
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: Which element is number 56?
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: Phosphorus is which element number?
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: what is the symbol for hafnium
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: what group is neptunium in
A: Neptunium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What element is Nh?
A: Nh is Nihonium, element number 113.

Q: Is Rutherfordium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: what element is 4
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: what does u stand for
A: U is Uranium, element number 92.

Q: what block is tungsten in
A: Tungsten is in the d-block.

Q: What category is Promethium?
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: where is silicon on the periodic table
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: Which element is Ge?
A: Ge is Germanium, element number 32.

Q: tell me about the element seaborgium
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Neptunium?
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: What number is Gallium on the periodic table?
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: what type of element is iridium
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 113
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: What can you tell me about Fluorine?
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Erbium?
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: which element is no
A: No is Nobelium, element number 102.

Q: What number is Phosphorus on the periodic table?
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: What is Indium?
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Al stand for?
A: Al is Aluminium, element number 13.

Q: describe rubidium
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Cm?
A: Cm is Curium, element number 96.

Q: What can you tell me about Silver?
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element phosphorus
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is cesium in
A: Cesium is in group 1, period 6.

Q: Which element is number 42?
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: Zr is which element?
A: Zr is Zirconium, element number 40.

Q: what kind of element is xenon
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: Where is Ruthenium on the periodic table?
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: Is Erbium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: Tell me about Ytterbium.
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Xe?
A: Xe is Xenon, element number 54.

Q: give me info on francium
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Francium.
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is californium in
A: Californium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What family is Cadmium in?
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: what group is rubidium in
A: Rubidium is in group 1, period 5.

Q: which element is number 39
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: Tell me about Cadmium.
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is flerovium in
A: Flerovium is in group 14, period 7.

Q: What element has atomic number 81?
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: what's ruthenium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: What's the symbol for Carbon?
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: Actinium is which element number?
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: Which element is Pr?
A: Pr is Praseodymium, element number 59.

Q: What number is Argon on the periodic table?
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: Describe Hafnium.
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is curium
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: What block is Hydrogen in?
A: Hydrogen is in the s-block.

Q: what category is thorium
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: what element is md
A: Md is Mendelevium, element number 101.

Q: Is Xenon a metal or nonmetal?
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: what is indium
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 87
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: What family is Americium in?
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: What's Praseodymium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: what block is lithium in
A: Lithium is in the s-block.

Q: Which element is Tm?
A: Tm is Thulium, element number 69.

Q: What is the atomic number of Radium?
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: What family is Curium in?
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: What element is K?
A: K is Potassium, element number 19.

Q: what period and group is gadolinium in
A: Gadolinium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ce?
A: Ce is Cerium, element number 58.

Q: Which element has the symbol Te?
A: Te is Tellurium, element number 52.

Q: Is Iridium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Iridium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on selenium
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is thallium
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what's iridium's atomic number
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: which element is number 45
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: what element is pm
A: Pm is Promethium, element number 61.

Q: what category is roentgenium
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: what does v stand for
A: V is Vanadium, element number 23.

Q: what element is 51
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: Where is Samarium on the periodic table?
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: give me info on calcium
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Barium?
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: Krypton is which element number?
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: What is the atomic number of Tungsten?
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: What can you tell me about Xenon?
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: What period and group is Oganesson in?
A: Oganesson is in group 18, period 7.

Q: tell me about the element curium
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: Which element is atomic number 6?
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: tell me about the element sodium
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is number 89
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: what element is mg
A: Mg is Magnesium, element number 12.

Q: which element is number 64
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: what block is roentgenium in
A: Roentgenium is in the d-block.

Q: what group is gallium in
A: Gallium is in group 13, period 4.

Q: what element has atomic number 68
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: what is osmium
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Platinum's symbol?
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: what kind of element is antimony
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: Is Einsteinium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: is flerovium a metal
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what number is gadolinium on the periodic table
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: give me info on palladium
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 5?
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: What kind of element is Terbium?
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: what's element number 61
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: Is Neodymium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is atomic number 118
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: what is hydrogen's symbol
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: How do you write Vanadium?
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: What type of element is Protactinium?
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: Tell me about Magnesium.
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's antimony's atomic number
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: Which element has the symbol V?
A: V is Vanadium, element number 23.

Q: what state is fluorine at room temperature
A: Fluorine is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is Roentgenium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: Is Thulium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Thulium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Praseodymium in?
A: Praseodymium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: which element is number 40
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: What type of element is Gallium?
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What's Neodymium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: what group is titanium in
A: Titanium is in group 4, period 4.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of carbon
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: what category is argon
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: is hydrogen a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Hydrogen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What does Sn stand for?
A: Sn is Tin, element number 50.

Q: describe indium
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ge?
A: Ge is Germanium, element number 32.

Q: tell me about tennessine
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: Give me info on Platinum.
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe einsteinium
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: which element has the symbol ac
A: Ac is Actinium, element number 89.

Q: What type of element is Scandium?
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: What category is Lead?
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Arsenic.
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Hassium?
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Terbium?
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: What's Uranium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: Is Sodium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Sodium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Cr?
A: Cr is Chromium, element number 24.

Q: what is the symbol for dubnium
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: what number is einsteinium
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: what kind of element is roentgenium
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: How do you write Cobalt?
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: What group is Americium in?
A: Americium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what group is niobium in
A: Niobium is in group 5, period 5.

Q: What's element number 37?
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: Give me info on Sulfur.
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Lawrencium?
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: Give me info on Radium.
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Barium?
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: How do you write Chromium?
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: what number is aluminium on the periodic table
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: Is Technetium a metal?
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: what period and group is einsteinium in
A: Einsteinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What period and group is Europium in?
A: Europium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What is element 106?
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: What's element number 99?
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: what does f stand for
A: F is Fluorine, element number 9.

Q: What does Mo stand for?
A: Mo is Molybdenum, element number 42.

Q: what is the atomic number of platinum
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: tell me about the element flerovium
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Phosphorus?
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: what group is cesium in
A: Cesium is in group 1, period 6.

Q: which element is atomic number 96
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: where is lithium on the periodic table
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: give me info on yttrium
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is praseodymium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Praseodymium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 75
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: is fluorine a metal or nonmetal
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: Is Molybdenum a metal?
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Thallium in?
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 53
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: what family is roentgenium in
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: What element is Mt?
A: Mt is Meitnerium, element number 109.

Q: What family is Meitnerium in?
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 3
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of chromium
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: is tungsten a metal or nonmetal
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: Describe Palladium.
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is oxygen a metal or nonmetal
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: is cobalt a metal
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: what does co stand for
A: Co is Cobalt, element number 27.

Q: what's the symbol for protactinium
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: what is the atomic number of lanthanum
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: What period and group is Ruthenium in?
A: Ruthenium is in group 8, period 5.

Q: What element is 56?
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: what number is cadmium
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: What period and group is Fluorine in?
A: Fluorine is in group 17, period 2.

Q: What's element number 64?
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: fl is which element
A: Fl is Flerovium, element number 114.

Q: what's americium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: What's Polonium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: what's element number 101
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: is hassium a metal or nonmetal
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: What's Mercury's atomic number?
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: what category is niobium
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Fermium.
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: Tell me about the element Arsenic.
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is americium
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: What category is Neodymium?
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: Tell me about Nihonium.
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: What's Meitnerium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: which element is nh
A: Nh is Nihonium, element number 113.

Q: Which element has the symbol Th?
A: Th is Thorium, element number 90.

Q: What number is Krypton on the periodic table?
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: Tell me about Yttrium.
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: s is which element
A: S is Sulfur, element number 16.

Q: what type of element is iron
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: give me info on boron
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is osmium in
A: Osmium is in group 8, period 6.

Q: what is the symbol for rhodium
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: What is Vanadium?
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is americium
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: what element is 79
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: Which element is atomic number 58?
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: what element is fr
A: Fr is Francium, element number 87.

Q: What group is Radon in?
A: Radon is in group 18, period 6.

Q: how many post-transition metals are there
A: There are 11 post-transition metals among the 118 elements.

Q: what group is hafnium in
A: Hafnium is in group 4, period 6.

Q: Where is Cadmium on the periodic table?
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Lead?
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: Fr is which element?
A: Fr is Francium, element number 87.

Q: what does er stand for
A: Er is Erbium, element number 68.

Q: what family is boron in
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: What element is Ca?
A: Ca is Calcium, element number 20.

Q: what period and group is xenon in
A: Xenon is in group 18, period 5.

Q: what does cm stand for
A: Cm is Curium, element number 96.

Q: What period and group is Flerovium in?
A: Flerovium is in group 14, period 7.

Q: Helium is which element number?
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: which element has the symbol tb
A: Tb is Terbium, element number 65.

Q: Which element is atomic number 50?
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: what number is berkelium
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: Which element has the symbol Mo?
A: Mo is Molybdenum, element number 42.

Q: What type of element is Mercury?
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Lithium on the periodic table?
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: what kind of element is rhodium
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: what number is germanium
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: iron is which element number
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: what does cu stand for
A: Cu is Copper, element number 29.

Q: Tell me about Bromine.
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is fermium
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: what category is lawrencium
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: Is Tungsten a metal or nonmetal?
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: what period and group is molybdenum in
A: Molybdenum is in group 6, period 5.

Q: bismuth is which element number
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: what is element 5
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: What's element number 59?
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: Which element is number 81?
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: Is Ruthenium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element hassium
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about mercury
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: what number is astatine
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: give me info on seaborgium
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: Is Dysprosium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: What family is Lead in?
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: what block is radon in
A: Radon is in the p-block.

Q: what element is os
A: Os is Osmium, element number 76.

Q: what is the symbol for helium
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: what's element number 69
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: What does Es stand for?
A: Es is Einsteinium, element number 99.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of europium
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: how do you write xenon
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: What number is Bromine?
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: what's selenium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: what's the symbol for radium
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: what is neon
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: Where is Chlorine on the periodic table?
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: What does C stand for?
A: C is Carbon, element number 6.

Q: What group is Radium in?
A: Radium is in group 2, period 7.

Q: what category is gold
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: what's the symbol for neodymium
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: What's Cobalt's atomic number?
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: what's element number 85
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: Where is Magnesium on the periodic table?
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: is technetium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Technetium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Roentgenium?
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: what period and group is lithium in
A: Lithium is in group 1, period 2.

Q: what can you tell me about holmium
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: cf is which element
A: Cf is Californium, element number 98.

Q: What block is Neodymium in?
A: Neodymium is in the f-block.

Q: tell me about the element americium
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: tell me about the element berkelium
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: What type of element is Antimony?
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: What is Chromium?
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: moscovium is which element number
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: What period and group is Mercury in?
A: Mercury is in group 12, period 6.

Q: what's element number 103
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: is hafnium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Hafnium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 104
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: describe neptunium
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Cerium in?
A: Cerium is in the f-block.

Q: which element is atomic number 65
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of osmium
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: which element is sb
A: Sb is Antimony, element number 51.

Q: What family is Lanthanum in?
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: What is Fermium?
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Holmium?
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: What can you tell me about Calcium?
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Yb stand for?
A: Yb is Ytterbium, element number 70.

Q: What family is Rubidium in?
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Erbium?
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: where is gadolinium on the periodic table
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: What is Tungsten?
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe roentgenium
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: Is Gallium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Gallium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is carbon
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: Is Iron a metal?
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: what does ra stand for
A: Ra is Radium, element number 88.

Q: Give me info on Fluorine.
A: Fluorine is element 9, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What's Silicon's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: what state is iridium at room temperature
A: Iridium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element polonium
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's calcium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: What's the symbol for Neodymium?
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: What state is Cadmium at room temperature?
A: Cadmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element scandium
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 82?
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of lanthanum
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: what element is fm
A: Fm is Fermium, element number 100.

Q: Which element is Ga?
A: Ga is Gallium, element number 31.

Q: how do you write dysprosium
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: what state is lithium at room temperature
A: Lithium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: promethium is which element number
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: what is hassium
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: give me info on hafnium
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is krypton a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Krypton is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Is Antimony a metal?
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: what is strontium
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Thorium in?
A: Thorium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: W is which element?
A: W is Tungsten, element number 74.

Q: Which element has the symbol Fm?
A: Fm is Fermium, element number 100.

Q: what kind of element is radium
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What type of element is Plutonium?
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: what's element number 88
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: what's element number 118
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: describe mercury
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Palladium?
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about gallium
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Bismuth's symbol?
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: what element is cn
A: Cn is Copernicium, element number 112.

Q: is californium a metal
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: What element has atomic number 64?
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: Where is Meitnerium on the periodic table?
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: Tell me about the element Rubidium.
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is p
A: P is Phosphorus, element number 15.

Q: tell me about darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: What family is Radon in?
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: Which element has the symbol B?
A: B is Boron, element number 5.

Q: Give me info on Cerium.
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Zirconium on the periodic table?
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: lanthanum is which element number
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: what is the atomic number of europium
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: What element is 34?
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: give me info on erbium
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is seaborgium in
A: Seaborgium is in group 6, period 7.

Q: Which elements are metalloids?
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: what block is mercury in
A: Mercury is in the d-block.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Iodine?
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: What's Promethium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: What group is Copernicium in?
A: Copernicium is in group 12, period 7.

Q: What is the atomic number of Gallium?
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: tell me about tin
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 113
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: what category is scandium
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: is curium a metal
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: ne is which element
A: Ne is Neon, element number 10.

Q: what is iron
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is ytterbium
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: Give me info on Xenon.
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: Describe Chromium.
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Holmium?
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Rhenium in?
A: Rhenium is in group 7, period 6.

Q: What kind of element is Platinum?
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: what group is americium in
A: Americium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what block is barium in
A: Barium is in the s-block.

Q: What category is Plutonium?
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: What group is Ytterbium in?
A: Ytterbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What state is Chlorine at room temperature?
A: Chlorine is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What does Nd stand for?
A: Nd is Neodymium, element number 60.

Q: what is lithium's symbol
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: how do you write bismuth
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: What block is Lutetium in?
A: Lutetium is in the d-block.

Q: what element is 94
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: what's bismuth's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: which element is o
A: O is Oxygen, element number 8.

Q: What element has atomic number 57?
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: Which element has the symbol Fe?
A: Fe is Iron, element number 26.

Q: Give me info on Ruthenium.
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Thallium?
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Germanium?
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: what's yttrium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: how do you write molybdenum
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: What block is Bismuth in?
A: Bismuth is in the p-block.

Q: si is which element
A: Si is Silicon, element number 14.

Q: what's gold's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: What family is Gallium in?
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: h is which element
A: H is Hydrogen, element number 1.

Q: describe nitrogen
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is Nobelium?
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: What is element 73?
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: What element is 35?
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: Is Silicon a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Silicon is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 47?
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: what is the atomic number of indium
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: Tell me about Antimony.
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Boron?
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Rhenium?
A: Rhenium is element 75, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of neon
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: what's copper's atomic number
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: which element has the symbol ta
A: Ta is Tantalum, element number 73.

Q: What's element number 16?
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: which element is te
A: Te is Tellurium, element number 52.

Q: what is tungsten's symbol
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: What element has atomic number 8?
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: how do you write magnesium
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: which element is atomic number 43
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: What can you tell me about Sulfur?
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Chlorine a metal?
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: What's the symbol for Silicon?
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: What category is Nickel?
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: Describe Oxygen.
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 108?
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: Give me info on Californium.
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: What's Francium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: what element has atomic number 27
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: Tell me about Neodymium.
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 70
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: re is which element
A: Re is Rhenium, element number 75.

Q: Which element is Pd?
A: Pd is Palladium, element number 46.

Q: Which element has the symbol Lv?
A: Lv is Livermorium, element number 116.

Q: Tell me about the element Mendelevium.
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: What's Xenon's atomic number?
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: tell me about the element chlorine
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: describe dysprosium
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Neon at room temperature?
A: Neon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is element 56?
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: Arsenic is which element number?
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: is lithium a metal or nonmetal
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: What element has atomic number 4?
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: What number is Holmium?
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: What kind of element is Zinc?
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: hafnium is which element number
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: what number is thallium
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: what category is gadolinium
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is Ytterbium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: tell me about krypton
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: what element is ar
A: Ar is Argon, element number 18.

Q: what is the symbol for hydrogen
A: The symbol for Hydrogen is H.

Q: What category is Thorium?
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: is lawrencium a metal
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: Carbon is which element number?
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: What type of element is Neodymium?
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: Give me info on Palladium.
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for thulium
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: tell me about molybdenum
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is krypton a metal
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: Is Neodymium a metal?
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: what period and group is dysprosium in
A: Dysprosium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Give me info on Barium.
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is promethium a metal or nonmetal
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is pr
A: Pr is Praseodymium, element number 59.

Q: List the transition metals.
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: What is Titanium?
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is francium's symbol
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: what is element 44
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: which element has the symbol si
A: Si is Silicon, element number 14.

Q: what category is neon
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: What is Mercury's symbol?
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: What is element 23?
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: tell me about calcium
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of thallium
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: What is the symbol for Osmium?
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: What number is Beryllium?
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: What is Neon?
A: Neon is element 10, a noble gas.

Q: Which element has the symbol Np?
A: Np is Neptunium, element number 93.

Q: Describe Oganesson.
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: darmstadtium is which element number
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: What's element number 10?
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: What is element 29?
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of rhodium
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: Is Gold a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Gold is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Pt is which element?
A: Pt is Platinum, element number 78.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Copper?
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: What's Praseodymium's atomic number?
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: which element is number 109
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of holmium
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: where is beryllium on the periodic table
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: what is the lightest element
A: Hydrogen is the lightest element, atomic number 1.

Q: Tell me about Phosphorus.
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Indium?
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: What number is Roentgenium?
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: What's Argon's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: Name the liquid elements.
A: Only Mercury and Bromine are liquid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Ds?
A: Ds is Darmstadtium, element number 110.

Q: Which element is number 51?
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: cadmium is which element number
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: Tell me about Strontium.
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is cesium in
A: Cesium is in the s-block.

Q: which element has the symbol hg
A: Hg is Mercury, element number 80.

Q: is copper a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Copper is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's californium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: which element has the symbol er
A: Er is Erbium, element number 68.

Q: describe europium
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is group 18
A: Group 18 is the noble gases.

Q: Nickel is which element number?
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: What's element number 78?
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: What element is 49?
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: What block is Praseodymium in?
A: Praseodymium is in the f-block.

Q: What number is Strontium on the periodic table?
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: li is which element
A: Li is Lithium, element number 3.

Q: what is hydrogen
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What's Arsenic's atomic number?
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: tell me about xenon
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: give me info on rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: What's Oganesson's atomic number?
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: what can you tell me about scandium
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Ruthenium in?
A: Ruthenium is in the d-block.

Q: scandium is which element number
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: Which element is atomic number 49?
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: What element has atomic number 15?
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: What is element 115?
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: Tell me about Iodine.
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's californium's atomic number
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: How many post-transition metals are there?
A: There are 11 post-transition metals among the 118 elements.

Q: what group is thallium in
A: Thallium is in group 13, period 6.

Q: How do you write Indium?
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: What element is 57?
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: what period and group is neodymium in
A: Neodymium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What's element number 82?
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: what does ga stand for
A: Ga is Gallium, element number 31.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Cerium?
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: what block is ruthenium in
A: Ruthenium is in the d-block.

Q: Is Barium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: is silicon a metal or nonmetal
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: What family is Nihonium in?
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: what category is meitnerium
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: where is thulium on the periodic table
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: Is Nobelium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of mercury
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: How many metalloids are there?
A: There are 6 metalloids among the 118 elements.

Q: How do you write Niobium?
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: What category is Silver?
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: What does Ni stand for?
A: Ni is Nickel, element number 28.

Q: what does br stand for
A: Br is Bromine, element number 35.

Q: what does ac stand for
A: Ac is Actinium, element number 89.

Q: which element is number 68
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: what are the lanthanides
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: what category is copper
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: rb is which element
A: Rb is Rubidium, element number 37.

Q: What number is Oganesson?
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: What does La stand for?
A: La is Lanthanum, element number 57.

Q: what block is copper in
A: Copper is in the d-block.

Q: What element is 11?
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: List the alkaline earth metals.
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: What category is Mendelevium?
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: what's ytterbium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: is yttrium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Yttrium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element radon
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: is ytterbium a metal
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: How do you write Cadmium?
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: What element has atomic number 96?
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: What type of element is Magnesium?
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: is praseodymium a metal or nonmetal
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: what element is 14
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: What group is Sulfur in?
A: Sulfur is in group 16, period 3.

Q: which element is number 69
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: Describe Gadolinium.
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Mg?
A: Mg is Magnesium, element number 12.

Q: be is which element
A: Be is Beryllium, element number 4.

Q: What's the symbol for Chromium?
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: Give me info on Carbon.
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Mc is which element?
A: Mc is Moscovium, element number 115.

Q: What element has atomic number 56?
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: Which element is number 63?
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: What group is Bohrium in?
A: Bohrium is in group 7, period 7.

Q: What's the symbol for Iron?
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: what element is 114
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: What's Cerium's atomic number?
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: give me info on iodine
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is erbium
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's barium's atomic number
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: Tell me about the element Copper.
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe neodymium
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: neon is which element number
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: what's element number 30
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: Tennessine is which element number?
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: where is iron on the periodic table
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: what is iodine
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 63?
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: What number is Samarium on the periodic table?
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: give me info on sulfur
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is gallium
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Seaborgium?
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: what's dysprosium's atomic number
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: Where is Lead on the periodic table?
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: give me info on tungsten
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 51
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: what's fluorine's atomic number
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: What element has atomic number 84?
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: what element is 77
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: What is element 26?
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: Which element is Cm?
A: Cm is Curium, element number 96.

Q: what's bohrium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: What kind of element is Copper?
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about neodymium
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Zinc in?
A: Zinc is in the d-block.

Q: What is the symbol for Rutherfordium?
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: what's the symbol for potassium
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: What is the atomic number of Krypton?
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: which element has the symbol w
A: W is Tungsten, element number 74.

Q: what category is livermorium
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about calcium
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 52?
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: what element has atomic number 30
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: francium is which element number
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: What number is Aluminium?
A: Aluminium has atomic number 13.

Q: Sodium is which element number?
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: which element is tm
A: Tm is Thulium, element number 69.

Q: is fluorine a metal
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: What kind of element is Thorium?
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: which element is atomic number 17
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: Tell me about the element Americium.
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of tantalum
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: What type of element is Cadmium?
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: What is Molybdenum?
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is promethium in
A: Promethium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Iridium?
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: what state is iodine at room temperature
A: Iodine is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol ce
A: Ce is Cerium, element number 58.

Q: What's element number 84?
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: What element has atomic number 60?
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: Is Lanthanum a metal?
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element has the symbol I?
A: I is Iodine, element number 53.

Q: what is the atomic number of molybdenum
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: What element has atomic number 87?
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: which element is number 84
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: what family is selenium in
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 45?
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: What's the symbol for Barium?
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: What is the symbol for Molybdenum?
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: where is mendelevium on the periodic table
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: is barium a metal
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Au is which element?
A: Au is Gold, element number 79.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Tantalum?
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: What state is Thorium at room temperature?
A: Thorium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is protactinium a metal
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: give me a actinide
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: Is Magnesium a metal?
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What's element number 85?
A: Element 85 is Astatine, symbol At.

Q: what is californium's symbol
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: tell me about the element rubidium
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 61?
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: What number is Holmium on the periodic table?
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: What element has atomic number 9?
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: What number is Meitnerium?
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: what element is 86
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of tin
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: What type of element is Lithium?
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: Give me info on Antimony.
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's rubidium's atomic number
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: what type of element is gallium
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: where is bohrium on the periodic table
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: which element is atomic number 69
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: what family is tennessine in
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: What kind of element is Europium?
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: what family is seaborgium in
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: What can you tell me about Samarium?
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 55
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: Which element is number 34?
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: what family is flerovium in
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what family is protactinium in
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: What is the atomic number of Oxygen?
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: What is element 102?
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: what's tin's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: what's element number 59
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: What is element 112?
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: How do you write Palladium?
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: what category is americium
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: what number is mercury on the periodic table
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: What number is Helium on the periodic table?
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: what does tl stand for
A: Tl is Thallium, element number 81.

Q: What does S stand for?
A: S is Sulfur, element number 16.

Q: What is Cerium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: Describe Iridium.
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is gd
A: Gd is Gadolinium, element number 64.

Q: which element is atomic number 44
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: What period and group is Cesium in?
A: Cesium is in group 1, period 6.

Q: What is Lawrencium?
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: How do you write Boron?
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: which element is bi
A: Bi is Bismuth, element number 83.

Q: what element is sc
A: Sc is Scandium, element number 21.

Q: what element has atomic number 64
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: which element is atomic number 74
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: what block is hassium in
A: Hassium is in the d-block.

Q: Which element is number 67?
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: give me info on nitrogen
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Protactinium is which element number?
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Darmstadtium?
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: What's Uranium's atomic number?
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: what element is ag
A: Ag is Silver, element number 47.

Q: Where is Barium on the periodic table?
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: What's Carbon's atomic number?
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: What element has atomic number 32?
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: Is Potassium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Potassium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Californium?
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: Describe Mendelevium.
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: What kind of element is Hafnium?
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element nihonium
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: What element is Ce?
A: Ce is Cerium, element number 58.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Astatine?
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: Give me info on Oxygen.
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what block is rubidium in
A: Rubidium is in the s-block.

Q: which element has the symbol k
A: K is Potassium, element number 19.

Q: Which element is number 116?
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: Where is Europium on the periodic table?
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: Which element is Al?
A: Al is Aluminium, element number 13.

Q: what is cadmium's symbol
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: Is Silicon a metal?
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: how do you write calcium
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: which element is number 43
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: which elements are alkaline earth metals
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: what does pb stand for
A: Pb is Lead, element number 82.

Q: what is potassium's symbol
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: What is Francium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: is indium a metal
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what family is cobalt in
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: what is the atomic number of promethium
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: What is Promethium?
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Calcium?
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Tell me about Mercury.
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: is samarium a metal
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: What group is Hafnium in?
A: Hafnium is in group 4, period 6.

Q: what block is nobelium in
A: Nobelium is in the f-block.

Q: Describe Nihonium.
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: what does pd stand for
A: Pd is Palladium, element number 46.

Q: what element is ts
A: Ts is Tennessine, element number 117.

Q: Yb is which element?
A: Yb is Ytterbium, element number 70.

Q: What is the atomic number of Ytterbium?
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: what is element 61
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: What element has atomic number 97?
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: Which element is Rb?
A: Rb is Rubidium, element number 37.

Q: What is the symbol for Hassium?
A: The symbol for Hassium is Hs.

Q: what category is curium
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: where is dubnium on the periodic table
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: What state is Lithium at room temperature?
A: Lithium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: actinium is which element number
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: what does sm stand for
A: Sm is Samarium, element number 62.

Q: Is Astatine a metal?
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: what period and group is silver in
A: Silver is in group 11, period 5.

Q: What element has atomic number 34?
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: What can you tell me about Polonium?
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is rhenium
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: What is Promethium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: what family is tantalum in
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: how many alkali metals are there
A: There are 6 alkali metals among the 118 elements.

Q: What's Argon's atomic number?
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: What can you tell me about Astatine?
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 109?
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: what type of element is radium
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Tennessine?
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: what is californium
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: Give me info on Cobalt.
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Gold's symbol?
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: What's Silicon's atomic number?
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: What's Yttrium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: describe flerovium
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element praseodymium
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is strontium's symbol
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: berkelium is which element number
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: what state is platinum at room temperature
A: Platinum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is ca
A: Ca is Calcium, element number 20.

Q: Is Titanium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for erbium
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: what's the symbol for cobalt
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: what element has atomic number 40
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: What period and group is Boron in?
A: Boron is in group 13, period 2.

Q: what category is fermium
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: Tell me about Erbium.
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is rubidium in
A: Rubidium is in group 1, period 5.

Q: what's livermorium's atomic number
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: what can you tell me about einsteinium
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: what number is neptunium
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: What can you tell me about Technetium?
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Germanium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Germanium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Be?
A: Be is Beryllium, element number 4.

Q: what is the atomic number of vanadium
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: Which element has the symbol Na?
A: Na is Sodium, element number 11.

Q: what is the symbol for vanadium
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: what is element 64
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: what is neodymium's symbol
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: What's the symbol for Ruthenium?
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: what can you tell me about seaborgium
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Argon?
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: What is the atomic number of Rhodium?
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: What's element number 38?
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: What category is Antimony?
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: give me info on mendelevium
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: What can you tell me about Bismuth?
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write curium
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: Tell me about the element Lanthanum.
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: k is which element
A: K is Potassium, element number 19.

Q: what family is osmium in
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Lutetium on the periodic table?
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: Copernicium is which element number?
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: What period and group is Lutetium in?
A: Lutetium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what's the symbol for meitnerium
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: which element is rb
A: Rb is Rubidium, element number 37.

Q: Meitnerium is which element number?
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: what element is pb
A: Pb is Lead, element number 82.

Q: Give me info on Hafnium.
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Ra?
A: Ra is Radium, element number 88.

Q: What's the symbol for Osmium?
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: what group is boron in
A: Boron is in group 13, period 2.

Q: Describe Sodium.
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is meitnerium
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 73
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: what's the symbol for dysprosium
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Meitnerium?
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: What element has atomic number 102?
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: What does Pr stand for?
A: Pr is Praseodymium, element number 59.

Q: What's Indium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: Which element is atomic number 79?
A: Element 79 is Gold, symbol Au.

Q: what type of element is palladium
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: is cerium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Cerium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write niobium
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: Which element is Ho?
A: Ho is Holmium, element number 67.

Q: what number is nitrogen
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: what's meitnerium's atomic number
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: Nh is which element?
A: Nh is Nihonium, element number 113.

Q: What's the symbol for Gadolinium?
A: The symbol for Gadolinium is Gd.

Q: What element has atomic number 83?
A: Element 83 is Bismuth, symbol Bi.

Q: Give me info on Moscovium.
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: what's the symbol for mercury
A: The symbol for Mercury is Hg.

Q: what period and group is fermium in
A: Fermium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what is sulfur's symbol
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: what's the symbol for holmium
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: is boron a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Boron is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the atomic number of chlorine
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: What number is Selenium on the periodic table?
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: What element is 6?
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: What number is Roentgenium on the periodic table?
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: which element has the symbol yb
A: Yb is Ytterbium, element number 70.

Q: What type of element is Krypton?
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: what type of element is manganese
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: what's the symbol for nitrogen
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: give me info on cerium
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Silver's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: Which element is As?
A: As is Arsenic, element number 33.

Q: what is element 76
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: What is Cobalt's symbol?
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: what element is 102
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: tell me about the element cerium
A: Cerium is element 58, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is promethium in
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is element 100
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: what state is technetium at room temperature
A: Technetium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Cesium?
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: what number is iodine on the periodic table
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: give me a post-transition metal
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: what element is bk
A: Bk is Berkelium, element number 97.

Q: what's arsenic's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: Is Cadmium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: give me info on technetium
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol bi
A: Bi is Bismuth, element number 83.

Q: Which element is number 32?
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: What is element 18?
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: what is actinium
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Lead?
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: Give me info on Magnesium.
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about sulfur
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 33?
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: What element is 4?
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: tell me about the element cesium
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on cadmium
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for actinium
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: Where is Bismuth on the periodic table?
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: What's Gold's atomic number?
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: what period and group is hydrogen in
A: Hydrogen is in group 1, period 1.

Q: what element is 8
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: describe rhodium
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Tellurium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: what group is rhodium in
A: Rhodium is in group 9, period 5.

Q: what is element 103
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: what element is 39
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: What group is Xenon in?
A: Xenon is in group 18, period 5.

Q: what element has atomic number 46
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: What type of element is Promethium?
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is element 105
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: What is the symbol for Plutonium?
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: what's copper's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: What element is 55?
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: what is element 71
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: what's dysprosium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: Livermorium is which element number?
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: What's the symbol for Iridium?
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: What's Rubidium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: What's element number 93?
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: What does K stand for?
A: K is Potassium, element number 19.

Q: tell me about the element astatine
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about cobalt
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Mercury a metal?
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 54
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: What block is Gallium in?
A: Gallium is in the p-block.

Q: What is element 11?
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: what's element number 51
A: Element 51 is Antimony, symbol Sb.

Q: what type of element is sulfur
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: what type of element is potassium
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: where is seaborgium on the periodic table
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: Tell me about Boron.
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What group is Manganese in?
A: Manganese is in group 7, period 4.

Q: What is Actinium?
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about tellurium
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Niobium.
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Thallium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: What number is Neodymium?
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: what element is 64
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: what's bismuth's atomic number
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: What category is Francium?
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: Give me info on Erbium.
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of californium
A: The symbol for Californium is Cf.

Q: What element has atomic number 12?
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: What type of element is Americium?
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: what is boron
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is barium
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what number is francium
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: what kind of element is palladium
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 2
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: What's element number 73?
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: What can you tell me about Rhodium?
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element radium
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Terbium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Terbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Beryllium?
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: which element is number 25
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: Which element has the symbol Yb?
A: Yb is Ytterbium, element number 70.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of silver
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: what category is cerium
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: what element has atomic number 98
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: what is element 102
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: what is bismuth's symbol
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: Tell me about Vanadium.
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is nihonium a metal
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: Where is Mendelevium on the periodic table?
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: what period and group is mercury in
A: Mercury is in group 12, period 6.

Q: hf is which element
A: Hf is Hafnium, element number 72.

Q: What is Hassium?
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: How many nonmetals are there?
A: There are 7 nonmetals among the 118 elements.

Q: Argon is which element number?
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: what period and group is selenium in
A: Selenium is in group 16, period 4.

Q: what is the atomic number of holmium
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: What is the symbol for Boron?
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of zinc
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: What is element 75?
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: what element has atomic number 41
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: oxygen is which element number
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: what block is molybdenum in
A: Molybdenum is in the d-block.

Q: what number is nobelium on the periodic table
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: What period and group is Iodine in?
A: Iodine is in group 17, period 5.

Q: what does se stand for
A: Se is Selenium, element number 34.

Q: What is Rubidium?
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Erbium?
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is lv
A: Lv is Livermorium, element number 116.

Q: What element has atomic number 95?
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: tell me about mendelevium
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: What is the symbol for Protactinium?
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: is iridium a metal or nonmetal
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: is molybdenum a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Molybdenum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is indium
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Is Radon a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Radon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 58?
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: What element is 36?
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: where is germanium on the periodic table
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: Where is Plutonium on the periodic table?
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: what family is ruthenium in
A: Ruthenium is a transition metal.

Q: Give me info on Manganese.
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is ruthenium
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Plutonium?
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: what can you tell me about nobelium
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: Which element is Te?
A: Te is Tellurium, element number 52.

Q: which element has the symbol cf
A: Cf is Californium, element number 98.

Q: which element is number 30
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: What element is 46?
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: what family is americium in
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: sg is which element
A: Sg is Seaborgium, element number 106.

Q: what number is strontium
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: is strontium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Strontium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: plutonium is which element number
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: Which element is atomic number 105?
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: Which element is Am?
A: Am is Americium, element number 95.

Q: what kind of element is yttrium
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: What's Mendelevium's atomic number?
A: Mendelevium has atomic number 101.

Q: What element is Es?
A: Es is Einsteinium, element number 99.

Q: what category is antimony
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: Is Darmstadtium a metal?
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Roentgenium.
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: What state is Lead at room temperature?
A: Lead is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is ar
A: Ar is Argon, element number 18.

Q: Tell me about Americium.
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: what number is boron on the periodic table
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: which element is ho
A: Ho is Holmium, element number 67.

Q: What element is 89?
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: what number is bromine
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: what element has atomic number 101
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: what's ytterbium's atomic number
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: is molybdenum a metal
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about livermorium
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: Er is which element?
A: Er is Erbium, element number 68.

Q: what element is 95
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: What is the symbol for Livermorium?
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: What number is Gadolinium?
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: what period and group is titanium in
A: Titanium is in group 4, period 4.

Q: What family is Arsenic in?
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: What does Th stand for?
A: Th is Thorium, element number 90.

Q: What block is Thallium in?
A: Thallium is in the p-block.

Q: what's radium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: Which element is number 21?
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: Is Argon a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Argon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: tell me about dubnium
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: What family is Bohrium in?
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is number 41?
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: what is aluminium's symbol
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: describe selenium
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Promethium.
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is argon on the periodic table
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: What group is Oxygen in?
A: Oxygen is in group 16, period 2.

Q: what state is promethium at room temperature
A: Promethium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Rg?
A: Rg is Roentgenium, element number 111.

Q: Tell me about the element Darmstadtium.
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Thorium?
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: Describe Carbon.
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for bohrium
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: which element is number 104
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of bohrium
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: is palladium a metal
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: Describe Lawrencium.
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Thulium?
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: what's the symbol for fluorine
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: What type of element is Vanadium?
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: What is element 86?
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: What period and group is Neon in?
A: Neon is in group 18, period 2.

Q: what is the symbol for xenon
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: what number is osmium
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: what's curium's atomic number
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: tell me about the element rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: What is Terbium?
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 22
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: which element is number 27
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: What group is Actinium in?
A: Actinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: which element has the symbol ga
A: Ga is Gallium, element number 31.

Q: yb is which element
A: Yb is Ytterbium, element number 70.

Q: what's element number 28
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: Which element is N?
A: N is Nitrogen, element number 7.

Q: Is Mendelevium a metal?
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: what element is am
A: Am is Americium, element number 95.

Q: what element is nb
A: Nb is Niobium, element number 41.

Q: Is Sulfur a metal?
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: Describe Thallium.
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is praseodymium in
A: Praseodymium is in the f-block.

Q: what type of element is lead
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element boron
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe nobelium
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: Is Platinum a metal or nonmetal?
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Beryllium?
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: What is Darmstadtium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: is neon a metal or nonmetal
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: which elements are post-transition metals
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: zn is which element
A: Zn is Zinc, element number 30.

Q: what block is copernicium in
A: Copernicium is in the d-block.

Q: Is Lead a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Lead is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Titanium?
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: what is phosphorus
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Si?
A: Si is Silicon, element number 14.

Q: what's the symbol for americium
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: what does bh stand for
A: Bh is Bohrium, element number 107.

Q: what is element 46
A: Element 46 is Palladium, symbol Pd.

Q: what element is np
A: Np is Neptunium, element number 93.

Q: is osmium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Osmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Lanthanum in?
A: Lanthanum is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what is element 43
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: what type of element is thallium
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What does Fe stand for?
A: Fe is Iron, element number 26.

Q: what state is ruthenium at room temperature
A: Ruthenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 106
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: what is element 42
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: What's the symbol for Zirconium?
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: Tell me about Beryllium.
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what state is silicon at room temperature
A: Silicon is a solid at room temperature.

Q: rf is which element
A: Rf is Rutherfordium, element number 104.

Q: what can you tell me about oxygen
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Sulfur?
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: show me the alkaline earth metals
A: The alkaline earth metals are Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium.

Q: What element is Tc?
A: Tc is Technetium, element number 43.

Q: tell me about scandium
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 96?
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: What category is Flerovium?
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What category is Germanium?
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: Which element has the symbol Cn?
A: Cn is Copernicium, element number 112.

Q: What is the atomic number of Vanadium?
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: what element is rh
A: Rh is Rhodium, element number 45.

Q: What kind of element is Bohrium?
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Plutonium in?
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: what element has atomic number 113
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ti?
A: Ti is Titanium, element number 22.

Q: What's Hafnium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: which element is number 11
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: Dysprosium is which element number?
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: dysprosium is which element number
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: what element has atomic number 58
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: Which element is number 95?
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: tc is which element
A: Tc is Technetium, element number 43.

Q: what can you tell me about manganese
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Thorium?
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: nickel is which element number
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: what block is curium in
A: Curium is in the f-block.

Q: What element is Cn?
A: Cn is Copernicium, element number 112.

Q: what state is astatine at room temperature
A: Astatine is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is magnesium in
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what element is 93
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: americium is which element number
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: What is the atomic number of Sodium?
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: what family is helium in
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: what is silicon
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's indium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: what kind of element is nihonium
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: What block is Darmstadtium in?
A: Darmstadtium is in the d-block.

Q: what number is silicon
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: which element has the symbol la
A: La is Lanthanum, element number 57.

Q: Give me info on Gallium.
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's seaborgium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: what period and group is polonium in
A: Polonium is in group 16, period 6.

Q: describe bismuth
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write neodymium
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: What can you tell me about Nickel?
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Boron?
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: Is Thallium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What can you tell me about Gold?
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is molybdenum a metal or nonmetal
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: what block is cobalt in
A: Cobalt is in the d-block.

Q: uranium is which element number
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: What's element number 3?
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: What number is Radon on the periodic table?
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: Tell me about the element Dubnium.
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: Which element is At?
A: At is Astatine, element number 85.

Q: os is which element
A: Os is Osmium, element number 76.

Q: What number is Astatine?
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: Which element is Sr?
A: Sr is Strontium, element number 38.

Q: dubnium is which element number
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: What's Promethium's atomic number?
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: give me info on protactinium
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write samarium
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: Which element is number 55?
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: What element is Cd?
A: Cd is Cadmium, element number 48.

Q: Tell me about the element Boron.
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: ge is which element
A: Ge is Germanium, element number 32.

Q: Tell me about the element Polonium.
A: Polonium is element 84, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: cerium is which element number
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: what's element number 105
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: tell me about aluminium
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is rg
A: Rg is Roentgenium, element number 111.

Q: name the liquid elements
A: Only Mercury and Bromine are liquid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Tennessine.
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: where is lanthanum on the periodic table
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: what's cesium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: is nihonium a metal or nonmetal
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: Describe Bromine.
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: what state is mercury at room temperature
A: Mercury is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: what number is lead on the periodic table
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: what is lanthanum
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe argon
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: Strontium is which element number?
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: What type of element is Holmium?
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: What does V stand for?
A: V is Vanadium, element number 23.

Q: what category is strontium
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: How do you write Potassium?
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: what category is bohrium
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: what number is magnesium on the periodic table
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: how do you write fermium
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: what category is boron
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: What group is Dysprosium in?
A: Dysprosium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What group is Dubnium in?
A: Dubnium is in group 5, period 7.

Q: Is Californium a metal?
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: pm is which element
A: Pm is Promethium, element number 61.

Q: What state is Argon at room temperature?
A: Argon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what is element 117
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: what family is krypton in
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: Give me info on Dysprosium.
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Barium a metal?
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what category is germanium
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: what's element number 71
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: give me info on oganesson
A: Oganesson is element 118, a noble gas.

Q: What state is Hafnium at room temperature?
A: Hafnium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 94?
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: na is which element
A: Na is Sodium, element number 11.

Q: What number is Arsenic on the periodic table?
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: which element is number 14
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: What category is Yttrium?
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: what kind of element is erbium
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: What's Dysprosium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: What number is Rhenium?
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: What is Curium?
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: where is promethium on the periodic table
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: what element is 55
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: What type of element is Roentgenium?
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: what's the symbol for chromium
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: How do you write Yttrium?
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: tell me about the element xenon
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: What is the symbol for Francium?
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: Is Moscovium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What category is Phosphorus?
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: Which element is Pu?
A: Pu is Plutonium, element number 94.

Q: Which element has the symbol Md?
A: Md is Mendelevium, element number 101.

Q: What does Tb stand for?
A: Tb is Terbium, element number 65.

Q: Where is Iron on the periodic table?
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: How many halogens are there?
A: There are 6 halogens among the 118 elements.

Q: which element has the symbol sn
A: Sn is Tin, element number 50.

Q: What is the atomic number of Argon?
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: What number is Hafnium?
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: What does Ge stand for?
A: Ge is Germanium, element number 32.

Q: What group is Rhodium in?
A: Rhodium is in group 9, period 5.

Q: what's palladium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Palladium is Pd.

Q: What number is Lawrencium on the periodic table?
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: lead is which element number
A: Lead has atomic number 82.

Q: give me info on americium
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: what block is arsenic in
A: Arsenic is in the p-block.

Q: Where is Curium on the periodic table?
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: where is carbon on the periodic table
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: what can you tell me about thorium
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 88?
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: What is element 108?
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: what is the atomic number of polonium
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: What is the atomic number of Oganesson?
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: What family is Ytterbium in?
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is atomic number 102
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: What is the atomic number of Scandium?
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: what can you tell me about chlorine
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Neon is which element number?
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: What's element number 55?
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: What element is 40?
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: tell me about the element silicon
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which elements are actinides?
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: What is the atomic number of Einsteinium?
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: fr is which element
A: Fr is Francium, element number 87.

Q: which element is sg
A: Sg is Seaborgium, element number 106.

Q: what is the symbol for rhenium
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: Fluorine is which element number?
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: what category is cadmium
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about krypton
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: what state is sulfur at room temperature
A: Sulfur is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Helium's atomic number?
A: Helium has atomic number 2.

Q: how do you write scandium
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: Describe Tellurium.
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Mo?
A: Mo is Molybdenum, element number 42.

Q: what's iron's atomic number
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: Rg is which element?
A: Rg is Roentgenium, element number 111.

Q: Is Silver a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Silver is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Potassium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: What is element 33?
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: what block is indium in
A: Indium is in the p-block.

Q: what kind of element is mercury
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: Ra is which element?
A: Ra is Radium, element number 88.

Q: What is a row on the periodic table?
A: A period is a horizontal row of the periodic table. There are seven periods.

Q: Describe Curium.
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: Which element is atomic number 64?
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: What does Ho stand for?
A: Ho is Holmium, element number 67.

Q: What number is Molybdenum on the periodic table?
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: give me info on promethium
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for tennessine
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: Tell me about the element Thulium.
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for zirconium
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: what period and group is tin in
A: Tin is in group 14, period 5.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Gold?
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: hydrogen is which element number
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: What is element 114?
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: where is barium on the periodic table
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: Which elements are transition metals?
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: What is the atomic number of Palladium?
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: describe scandium
A: Scandium is element 21, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 31?
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: What group is Mercury in?
A: Mercury is in group 12, period 6.

Q: what number is scandium on the periodic table
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: Is Phosphorus a metal or nonmetal?
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: what number is selenium on the periodic table
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: which element has the symbol np
A: Np is Neptunium, element number 93.

Q: tell me about the element lutetium
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is zinc in
A: Zinc is in group 12, period 4.

Q: What is Bohrium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: Tell me about the element Selenium.
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Gallium?
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: What family is Astatine in?
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: what is lead's symbol
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: What group is Roentgenium in?
A: Roentgenium is in group 11, period 7.

Q: what element is po
A: Po is Polonium, element number 84.

Q: What's the symbol for Xenon?
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: What element is 14?
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: db is which element
A: Db is Dubnium, element number 105.

Q: tell me about cesium
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is radon
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: Tell me about Chlorine.
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What does Pt stand for?
A: Pt is Platinum, element number 78.

Q: what category is hafnium
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Actinium.
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is tellurium
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: what's bohrium's atomic number
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: what category is cobalt
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: what category is oxygen
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: What is Americium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Americium is Am.

Q: What's the symbol for Samarium?
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: What's Zinc's atomic number?
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: What family is Dubnium in?
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: how do you write rhodium
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: ni is which element
A: Ni is Nickel, element number 28.

Q: is meitnerium a metal or nonmetal
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about terbium
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the atomic number of ruthenium
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: what category is fluorine
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: which element is h
A: H is Hydrogen, element number 1.

Q: What number is Mercury?
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: Darmstadtium is which element number?
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: which element is atomic number 33
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: what does ni stand for
A: Ni is Nickel, element number 28.

Q: Tell me about the element Radon.
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: what can you tell me about chromium
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is gadolinium
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: What element is 96?
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: What is the atomic number of Praseodymium?
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: how do you write lead
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: which element is number 31
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: What's Copernicium's atomic number?
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: what number is lutetium
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: which element is ge
A: Ge is Germanium, element number 32.

Q: what group is promethium in
A: Promethium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Which element is Ag?
A: Ag is Silver, element number 47.

Q: What is Osmium?
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the atomic number of cerium
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: What element is Ar?
A: Ar is Argon, element number 18.

Q: what's element number 80
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: praseodymium is which element number
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: What element is Sg?
A: Sg is Seaborgium, element number 106.

Q: what element is 1
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: What does Dy stand for?
A: Dy is Dysprosium, element number 66.

Q: What element is 23?
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: what does na stand for
A: Na is Sodium, element number 11.

Q: which element is mn
A: Mn is Manganese, element number 25.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of lithium
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: what block is cerium in
A: Cerium is in the f-block.

Q: Give me info on Yttrium.
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is uranium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Uranium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 68
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ta?
A: Ta is Tantalum, element number 73.

Q: What group is Chromium in?
A: Chromium is in group 6, period 4.

Q: Which element has the symbol S?
A: S is Sulfur, element number 16.

Q: Is Nickel a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Nickel is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Hassium.
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: How do you write Aluminium?
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: Is Sulfur a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Sulfur is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's oganesson's atomic number
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: what number is manganese
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: what kind of element is strontium
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: is sodium a metal or nonmetal
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: what block is silicon in
A: Silicon is in the p-block.

Q: What family is Argon in?
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: What element has atomic number 80?
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: Tell me about the element Hafnium.
A: Hafnium is element 72, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does tc stand for
A: Tc is Technetium, element number 43.

Q: What state is Promethium at room temperature?
A: Promethium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 56
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: What is element 48?
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: cesium is which element number
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: What type of element is Calcium?
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Show me the actinides.
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: ce is which element
A: Ce is Cerium, element number 58.

Q: Show me the nonmetals.
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: What block is Germanium in?
A: Germanium is in the p-block.

Q: where is tungsten on the periodic table
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: what is protactinium's symbol
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: Give me info on Neptunium.
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 82?
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: which element is atomic number 11
A: Element 11 is Sodium, symbol Na.

Q: What element is 77?
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: how do you write francium
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: what is the atomic number of lawrencium
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: which element is db
A: Db is Dubnium, element number 105.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of magnesium
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: mt is which element
A: Mt is Meitnerium, element number 109.

Q: describe chromium
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Zr?
A: Zr is Zirconium, element number 40.

Q: What number is Promethium on the periodic table?
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: Where is Roentgenium on the periodic table?
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: what group is uranium in
A: Uranium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Helium?
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: What number is Hydrogen on the periodic table?
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: What can you tell me about Tellurium?
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is pd
A: Pd is Palladium, element number 46.

Q: What number is Iron on the periodic table?
A: Iron has atomic number 26.

Q: What is the symbol for Fermium?
A: The symbol for Fermium is Fm.

Q: Is Yttrium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Yttrium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Niobium on the periodic table?
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: What number is Cerium on the periodic table?
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: Name some alkali metals.
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: which element has the symbol po
A: Po is Polonium, element number 84.

Q: what family is cesium in
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: Give me info on Radon.
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: Is Sodium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Polonium?
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: What is element 39?
A: Element 39 is Yttrium, symbol Y.

Q: what type of element is strontium
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what is seaborgium's symbol
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: What is the atomic number of Americium?
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: tell me about the element hydrogen
A: Hydrogen is element 1, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what block is rhenium in
A: Rhenium is in the d-block.

Q: what is element 31
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Dysprosium?
A: The symbol for Dysprosium is Dy.

Q: Is Tellurium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: what's element number 29
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: Is Palladium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Palladium is a transition metal.

Q: what is element 97
A: Element 97 is Berkelium, symbol Bk.

Q: describe darmstadtium
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: What number is Tantalum?
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: Is Iodine a metal?
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: palladium is which element number
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: Which element is Xe?
A: Xe is Xenon, element number 54.

Q: Tell me about Helium.
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: What period and group is Californium in?
A: Californium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: which element is atomic number 104
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: what's the symbol for hafnium
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: what does al stand for
A: Al is Aluminium, element number 13.

Q: what is the last element
A: Oganesson is the heaviest element, atomic number 118.

Q: what is the symbol for gold
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: What period and group is Protactinium in?
A: Protactinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What element is Eu?
A: Eu is Europium, element number 63.

Q: what does np stand for
A: Np is Neptunium, element number 93.

Q: which element is number 54
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: which element is number 96
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: nd is which element
A: Nd is Neodymium, element number 60.

Q: np is which element
A: Np is Neptunium, element number 93.

Q: which element is atomic number 108
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: what's carbon's atomic number
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: Which element has the symbol W?
A: W is Tungsten, element number 74.

Q: what can you tell me about vanadium
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Molybdenum?
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: fm is which element
A: Fm is Fermium, element number 100.

Q: how do you write yttrium
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: what element has atomic number 94
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: What element is As?
A: As is Arsenic, element number 33.

Q: what is silver
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is yttrium's symbol
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: What type of element is Nihonium?
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: Lu is which element?
A: Lu is Lutetium, element number 71.

Q: what number is vanadium
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: give me info on aluminium
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Flerovium?
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: tell me about germanium
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is darmstadtium a metal
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: pr is which element
A: Pr is Praseodymium, element number 59.

Q: What element is S?
A: S is Sulfur, element number 16.

Q: What number is Dubnium?
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: what's dubnium's atomic number
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: what type of element is radon
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: What kind of element is Fluorine?
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: Give me info on Zinc.
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Iridium?
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Ytterbium a metal?
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: What state is Thulium at room temperature?
A: Thulium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is sodium a metal
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: what type of element is terbium
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element is atomic number 100
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: is cesium a metal or nonmetal
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Bismuth?
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: What family is Tennessine in?
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: what can you tell me about radium
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Mendelevium?
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: What is the atomic number of Uranium?
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: what number is phosphorus on the periodic table
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: what is the atomic number of tennessine
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: as is which element
A: As is Arsenic, element number 33.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Europium?
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: What's element number 94?
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: What's Polonium's atomic number?
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: what element is 103
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: is ruthenium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Ruthenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 26
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: What's element number 105?
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: What is element 67?
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: what element is o
A: O is Oxygen, element number 8.

Q: give me info on helium
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: What type of element is Polonium?
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for meitnerium
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: which element is atomic number 59
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: What is element 64?
A: Element 64 is Gadolinium, symbol Gd.

Q: Ac is which element?
A: Ac is Actinium, element number 89.

Q: Is Nihonium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Nihonium is a transition metal.

Q: what's actinium's atomic number
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: Which element is number 96?
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: what kind of element is seaborgium
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: What state is Gold at room temperature?
A: Gold is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Nitrogen.
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What state is Mercury at room temperature?
A: Mercury is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: Pr is which element?
A: Pr is Praseodymium, element number 59.

Q: what is zinc's symbol
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: what block is scandium in
A: Scandium is in the d-block.

Q: What does Te stand for?
A: Te is Tellurium, element number 52.

Q: describe berkelium
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: what is the symbol for copper
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: What does Br stand for?
A: Br is Bromine, element number 35.

Q: What's the symbol for Sulfur?
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: Which element is number 25?
A: Element 25 is Manganese, symbol Mn.

Q: what is the first element
A: Hydrogen is the lightest element, atomic number 1.

Q: give me info on strontium
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe bromine
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Xenon.
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: describe nickel
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is titanium in
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: What is Berkelium?
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: What block is Technetium in?
A: Technetium is in the d-block.

Q: What element is Fe?
A: Fe is Iron, element number 26.

Q: what number is meitnerium
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: Is Uranium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Uranium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Thulium on the periodic table?
A: Thulium has atomic number 69.

Q: Ca is which element?
A: Ca is Calcium, element number 20.

Q: What number is Technetium?
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Berkelium?
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: what does nd stand for
A: Nd is Neodymium, element number 60.

Q: give me info on livermorium
A: Livermorium is element 116, a post-transition metal.

Q: What number is Zinc?
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: what's element number 99
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: what is curium's symbol
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: What's the symbol for Praseodymium?
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: How do you write Praseodymium?
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: Which element is atomic number 106?
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: what block is berkelium in
A: Berkelium is in the f-block.

Q: where is fluorine on the periodic table
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: what block is niobium in
A: Niobium is in the d-block.

Q: What period and group is Zinc in?
A: Zinc is in group 12, period 4.

Q: what family is gallium in
A: Gallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: which element is xe
A: Xe is Xenon, element number 54.

Q: is technetium a metal or nonmetal
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: What does In stand for?
A: In is Indium, element number 49.

Q: what element is fl
A: Fl is Flerovium, element number 114.

Q: What state is Tantalum at room temperature?
A: Tantalum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Gallium.
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Lv?
A: Lv is Livermorium, element number 116.

Q: what group is fluorine in
A: Fluorine is in group 17, period 2.

Q: what block is dysprosium in
A: Dysprosium is in the f-block.

Q: what group is neodymium in
A: Neodymium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what element is se
A: Se is Selenium, element number 34.

Q: Which element is Er?
A: Er is Erbium, element number 68.

Q: where is scandium on the periodic table
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: which element is atomic number 18
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: what's the symbol for livermorium
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: Where is Osmium on the periodic table?
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: what element is pr
A: Pr is Praseodymium, element number 59.

Q: which element is sc
A: Sc is Scandium, element number 21.

Q: what's bromine's atomic number
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: What period and group is Molybdenum in?
A: Molybdenum is in group 6, period 5.

Q: what element is 48
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: what number is erbium
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: What's Antimony's atomic number?
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: what number is bismuth
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: What does Li stand for?
A: Li is Lithium, element number 3.

Q: What's the symbol for Radium?
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of gold
A: The symbol for Gold is Au.

Q: What can you tell me about Tin?
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write tennessine
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: what block is lutetium in
A: Lutetium is in the d-block.

Q: what is titanium
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Silicon's symbol?
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: What's the symbol for Oxygen?
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: What is element 87?
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: What family is Hafnium in?
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: what is neptunium's symbol
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: What block is Silver in?
A: Silver is in the d-block.

Q: Tell me about the element Helium.
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: tell me about helium
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: Zinc is which element number?
A: Zinc has atomic number 30.

Q: what block is bismuth in
A: Bismuth is in the p-block.

Q: what's the symbol for argon
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: what is lead
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is zinc in
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 29
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: what block is aluminium in
A: Aluminium is in the p-block.

Q: what is element 24
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: how do you write barium
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: Is Neon a metal or nonmetal?
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: What is Tin's symbol?
A: The symbol for Tin is Sn.

Q: What number is Nitrogen?
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: which element is number 5
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of sulfur
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: how do you write erbium
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: What is the atomic number of Arsenic?
A: Arsenic has atomic number 33.

Q: what's berkelium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: what state is potassium at room temperature
A: Potassium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 22
A: Element 22 is Titanium, symbol Ti.

Q: what's tantalum's atomic number
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: What's Yttrium's atomic number?
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: What is Tin?
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Platinum a metal?
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: What block is Aluminium in?
A: Aluminium is in the p-block.

Q: B is which element?
A: B is Boron, element number 5.

Q: What kind of element is Bismuth?
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: What's Helium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: describe gallium
A: Gallium is element 31, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element tellurium
A: Tellurium is element 52, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is xenon in
A: Xenon is in the p-block.

Q: which element has the symbol cd
A: Cd is Cadmium, element number 48.

Q: What number is Lithium?
A: Lithium has atomic number 3.

Q: which element has the symbol b
A: B is Boron, element number 5.

Q: Is Nitrogen a metal or nonmetal?
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: what number is yttrium
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: What family is Polonium in?
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what family is lithium in
A: Lithium is a alkali metal.

Q: tungsten is which element number
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: what is the symbol for darmstadtium
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: Which element is atomic number 37?
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: what's the symbol for sulfur
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: what's copernicium's atomic number
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: What's element number 103?
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: what state is actinium at room temperature
A: Actinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Nitrogen?
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Describe Ytterbium.
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 117?
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: what type of element is holmium
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: what block is protactinium in
A: Protactinium is in the f-block.

Q: Tell me about Holmium.
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is gallium in
A: Gallium is in the p-block.

Q: what is cesium
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Oxygen?
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: what period and group is tungsten in
A: Tungsten is in group 6, period 6.

Q: what is the atomic number of osmium
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: where is cadmium on the periodic table
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: which element is bk
A: Bk is Berkelium, element number 97.

Q: what number is livermorium
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: which element is number 115
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: What element is Np?
A: Np is Neptunium, element number 93.

Q: What can you tell me about Europium?
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Seaborgium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: What is element 58?
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: what type of element is dubnium
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: what's the symbol for bromine
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: which element is mg
A: Mg is Magnesium, element number 12.

Q: list the nonmetals
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: is terbium a metal or nonmetal
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is the symbol for berkelium
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: What family is Dysprosium in?
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Hafnium?
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: which element is n
A: N is Nitrogen, element number 7.

Q: What state is Boron at room temperature?
A: Boron is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Flerovium on the periodic table?
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: what is indium's symbol
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: what group is darmstadtium in
A: Darmstadtium is in group 10, period 7.

Q: what element has atomic number 43
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: what is erbium's symbol
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: What element has atomic number 66?
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: tell me about the element tantalum
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of actinium
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: What family is Oganesson in?
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: what period and group is radium in
A: Radium is in group 2, period 7.

Q: tell me about manganese
A: Manganese is element 25, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is dysprosium in
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element has the symbol rh
A: Rh is Rhodium, element number 45.

Q: What's Bromine's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: what kind of element is lead
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: is holmium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Holmium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Magnesium?
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: what's titanium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: what period and group is californium in
A: Californium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what number is californium
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: Where is Iodine on the periodic table?
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: What group is Promethium in?
A: Promethium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What period and group is Tellurium in?
A: Tellurium is in group 16, period 5.

Q: what is the atomic number of hydrogen
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of copper
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: What's element number 45?
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: what element has atomic number 89
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: How do you write Tellurium?
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: What is Phosphorus's symbol?
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: what number is moscovium on the periodic table
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: What category is Helium?
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: tell me about thulium
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 63
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: what family is bohrium in
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: tell me about titanium
A: Titanium is element 22, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Actinium on the periodic table?
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: tell me about the element neodymium
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 89?
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: what number is europium
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: which element is w
A: W is Tungsten, element number 74.

Q: How do you write Neodymium?
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: what is mendelevium
A: Mendelevium is element 101, a actinide.

Q: What element has atomic number 31?
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: describe arsenic
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is hassium on the periodic table
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: what is the symbol for thulium
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: what family is actinium in
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: What group is Plutonium in?
A: Plutonium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What state is Iridium at room temperature?
A: Iridium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is uranium a metal or nonmetal
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: what's element number 102
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: what kind of element is polonium
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Is Cerium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Cerium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is flerovium
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What group is Francium in?
A: Francium is in group 1, period 7.

Q: Tell me about the element Sodium.
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of sodium
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: flerovium is which element number
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: Give me info on Bismuth.
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: where is rubidium on the periodic table
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: What element has atomic number 27?
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: Calcium is which element number?
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: what can you tell me about tin
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of krypton
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: what is element 118
A: Element 118 is Oganesson, symbol Og.

Q: what's lawrencium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: is rutherfordium a metal
A: Rutherfordium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is Ts?
A: Ts is Tennessine, element number 117.

Q: how do you write promethium
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: what number is astatine on the periodic table
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: What's Carbon's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Carbon is C.

Q: which element is dy
A: Dy is Dysprosium, element number 66.

Q: Which element is number 73?
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: Boron is which element number?
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: au is which element
A: Au is Gold, element number 79.

Q: What type of element is Potassium?
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: What is Holmium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: What is the atomic number of Sulfur?
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: what can you tell me about cobalt
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Mercury?
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for osmium
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: what can you tell me about zinc
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is tennessine on the periodic table
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: what category is nobelium
A: Nobelium is a actinide.

Q: c is which element
A: C is Carbon, element number 6.

Q: Describe Mercury.
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: Ru is which element?
A: Ru is Ruthenium, element number 44.

Q: What's the symbol for Germanium?
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: what element is 41
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: which element is number 34
A: Element 34 is Selenium, symbol Se.

Q: what's the symbol for moscovium
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: Which element is number 48?
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: What can you tell me about Iron?
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Praseodymium.
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is magnesium
A: Magnesium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What type of element is Sodium?
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: Where is Krypton on the periodic table?
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: Is Europium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: What can you tell me about Darmstadtium?
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: tell me about nobelium
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: What element is Hg?
A: Hg is Mercury, element number 80.

Q: How do you write Plutonium?
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: what element is i
A: I is Iodine, element number 53.

Q: Describe Xenon.
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: What's Vanadium's atomic number?
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: tell me about the element francium
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is germanium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Germanium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is zinc in
A: Zinc is in the d-block.

Q: which element is cl
A: Cl is Chlorine, element number 17.

Q: What is the lightest element?
A: Hydrogen is the lightest element, atomic number 1.

Q: What is the periodic table?
A: The periodic table arranges the chemical elements by atomic number into periods and groups.

Q: what's element number 60
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: what is mercury
A: Mercury is element 80, a transition metal, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write nickel
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: how many nonmetals are there
A: There are 7 nonmetals among the 118 elements.

Q: tell me about the element technetium
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Bh?
A: Bh is Bohrium, element number 107.

Q: what block is rhodium in
A: Rhodium is in the d-block.

Q: What family is Zirconium in?
A: Zirconium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Thorium.
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is cadmium
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: What type of element is Neon?
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: what's element number 96
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: what group is dysprosium in
A: Dysprosium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what's boron's atomic number
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: which element is rg
A: Rg is Roentgenium, element number 111.

Q: which element is number 10
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: what does be stand for
A: Be is Beryllium, element number 4.

Q: what is nobelium
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: Dubnium is which element number?
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: what is rutherfordium's symbol
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: what's element number 35
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: name some metalloids
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: tell me about the element roentgenium
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: describe iron
A: Iron is element 26, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is dubnium
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: which element has the symbol mt
A: Mt is Meitnerium, element number 109.

Q: Te is which element?
A: Te is Tellurium, element number 52.

Q: what element has atomic number 106
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: what's the symbol for phosphorus
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: What is the symbol for Ytterbium?
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of aluminium
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: describe silicon
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Seaborgium on the periodic table?
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: what state is gadolinium at room temperature
A: Gadolinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Os stand for?
A: Os is Osmium, element number 76.

Q: how many alkaline earth metals are there
A: There are 6 alkaline earth metals among the 118 elements.

Q: What is Neodymium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: which element has the symbol cu
A: Cu is Copper, element number 29.

Q: What block is Sodium in?
A: Sodium is in the s-block.

Q: What number is Ruthenium?
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: what element is 13
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: describe antimony
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Vanadium.
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Gadolinium in?
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: is palladium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Palladium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is roentgenium
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: what are transition metals
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: what group is europium in
A: Europium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What element is 15?
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: lr is which element
A: Lr is Lawrencium, element number 103.

Q: What is Yttrium?
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is gallium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Gallium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 21
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: tell me about the element ruthenium
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is ytterbium
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: What number is Sulfur?
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: What can you tell me about Thallium?
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does la stand for
A: La is Lanthanum, element number 57.

Q: What family is Erbium in?
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: is lithium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Lithium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: xe is which element
A: Xe is Xenon, element number 54.

Q: what element has atomic number 10
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: what number is curium on the periodic table
A: Curium has atomic number 96.

Q: what does cs stand for
A: Cs is Cesium, element number 55.

Q: which element is atomic number 52
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: what's nobelium's atomic number
A: Nobelium has atomic number 102.

Q: describe zinc
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Lead?
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 71?
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: What number is Carbon?
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: tell me about ruthenium
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 115?
A: Element 115 is Moscovium, symbol Mc.

Q: What is Oganesson's symbol?
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: Cs is which element?
A: Cs is Cesium, element number 55.

Q: what kind of element is gold
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: what is the atomic number of nickel
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: is bromine a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Bromine is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Rg?
A: Rg is Roentgenium, element number 111.

Q: what state is thulium at room temperature
A: Thulium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Rubidium?
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: what element is 16
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: What is the symbol for Xenon?
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: What's element number 8?
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: What's element number 43?
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: What's element number 44?
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: what group is iron in
A: Iron is in group 8, period 4.

Q: What group is Chlorine in?
A: Chlorine is in group 17, period 3.

Q: What period and group is Polonium in?
A: Polonium is in group 16, period 6.

Q: what's iron's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: what is element 72
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: what element has atomic number 45
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: which element is rn
A: Rn is Radon, element number 86.

Q: what is antimony
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for copernicium
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: what is osmium's symbol
A: The symbol for Osmium is Os.

Q: what element is 57
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: what does n stand for
A: N is Nitrogen, element number 7.

Q: What does Pa stand for?
A: Pa is Protactinium, element number 91.

Q: what number is iodine
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: ho is which element
A: Ho is Holmium, element number 67.

Q: What's Nihonium's atomic number?
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: what is the atomic number of phosphorus
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: what's chlorine's atomic number
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: what family is chromium in
A: Chromium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 27?
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: Is Americium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Americium is a actinide.

Q: what are halogens
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: describe uranium
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 30?
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: What is the symbol for Helium?
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: What period and group is Scandium in?
A: Scandium is in group 3, period 4.

Q: Is Cesium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Cesium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is plutonium
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: which element is number 15
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: Tell me about the element Iridium.
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Tellurium?
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: What's element number 36?
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: What's the symbol for Bohrium?
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Ytterbium?
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of cerium
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: How do you write Flerovium?
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: where is meitnerium on the periodic table
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: What's element number 80?
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: what family is neon in
A: Neon is a noble gas.

Q: what's the symbol for oxygen
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: what is terbium
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 69?
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: what's the symbol for cerium
A: The symbol for Cerium is Ce.

Q: give me info on oxygen
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Phosphorus?
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: What category is Einsteinium?
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: What's Bismuth's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: what can you tell me about fermium
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: is selenium a metal
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: what number is ruthenium on the periodic table
A: Ruthenium has atomic number 44.

Q: describe tantalum
A: Tantalum is element 73, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is 70
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: what group is chlorine in
A: Chlorine is in group 17, period 3.

Q: List the metalloids.
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: what number is flerovium
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: is tellurium a metal or nonmetal
A: Tellurium is a metalloid.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of erbium
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: what element has atomic number 56
A: Element 56 is Barium, symbol Ba.

Q: is rubidium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Rubidium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is group 17
A: Group 17 is the halogens.

Q: What element has atomic number 7?
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: what is the atomic number of radon
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: What type of element is Radon?
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: What's Barium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: give me info on zirconium
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Thallium?
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: where is praseodymium on the periodic table
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: which element is hg
A: Hg is Mercury, element number 80.

Q: What state is Xenon at room temperature?
A: Xenon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What number is Titanium?
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: which element is atomic number 117
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: What's Cobalt's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: What does Md stand for?
A: Md is Mendelevium, element number 101.

Q: How do you write Tungsten?
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: what block is terbium in
A: Terbium is in the f-block.

Q: What is Tellurium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: give me info on cobalt
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Kr stand for?
A: Kr is Krypton, element number 36.

Q: what's hafnium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: What block is Mercury in?
A: Mercury is in the d-block.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Promethium?
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: where is zirconium on the periodic table
A: Zirconium has atomic number 40.

Q: what type of element is tungsten
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: What's Boron's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: What does Ba stand for?
A: Ba is Barium, element number 56.

Q: Which element is atomic number 84?
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: which element has the symbol as
A: As is Arsenic, element number 33.

Q: what is the atomic number of actinium
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: What is Sodium?
A: Sodium is element 11, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Neon's symbol?
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: tell me about the element tennessine
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: What category is Tennessine?
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: tell me about samarium
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is chlorine
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: which element is atomic number 80
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: What is element 53?
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: What type of element is Radium?
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What state is Neodymium at room temperature?
A: Neodymium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Boron?
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: how do you write tellurium
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: is lanthanum a metal or nonmetal
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: what state is germanium at room temperature
A: Germanium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Bismuth?
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: How do you write Copper?
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: Which element is Y?
A: Y is Yttrium, element number 39.

Q: what's mendelevium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: which element is atomic number 50
A: Element 50 is Tin, symbol Sn.

Q: Give me info on Dubnium.
A: Dubnium is element 105, a transition metal.

Q: what element is gd
A: Gd is Gadolinium, element number 64.

Q: Give me info on Darmstadtium.
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: Describe Cobalt.
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Lanthanum at room temperature?
A: Lanthanum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 32?
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: which element has the symbol md
A: Md is Mendelevium, element number 101.

Q: what is element 7
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: What type of element is Einsteinium?
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: where is nickel on the periodic table
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: what number is palladium
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: tell me about the element moscovium
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: list the halogens
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: einsteinium is which element number
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: Cd is which element?
A: Cd is Cadmium, element number 48.

Q: Which element is atomic number 23?
A: Element 23 is Vanadium, symbol V.

Q: What does Mt stand for?
A: Mt is Meitnerium, element number 109.

Q: is mendelevium a metal
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: what's nickel's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: what element is 68
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: What element has atomic number 48?
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: what's element number 95
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: Al is which element?
A: Al is Aluminium, element number 13.

Q: what type of element is copper
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: what is the atomic number of thallium
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: lutetium is which element number
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: What element is 73?
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: what can you tell me about antimony
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: rubidium is which element number
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: what is barium's symbol
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: what kind of element is krypton
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: What group is Iron in?
A: Iron is in group 8, period 4.

Q: Which element is atomic number 48?
A: Element 48 is Cadmium, symbol Cd.

Q: what element is lu
A: Lu is Lutetium, element number 71.

Q: what does s stand for
A: S is Sulfur, element number 16.

Q: what does sb stand for
A: Sb is Antimony, element number 51.

Q: tell me about moscovium
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: What is Sulfur?
A: Sulfur is element 16, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is number 36
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: what category is holmium
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: what kind of element is selenium
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: What's Antimony's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: What element has atomic number 70?
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: What state is Francium at room temperature?
A: Francium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Molybdenum at room temperature?
A: Molybdenum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 3?
A: Element 3 is Lithium, symbol Li.

Q: is carbon a metal or nonmetal
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: What's the symbol for Copper?
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: what element has atomic number 47
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: what number is hafnium
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: Which element has the symbol Ne?
A: Ne is Neon, element number 10.

Q: what number is rutherfordium on the periodic table
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: Which element has the symbol Sc?
A: Sc is Scandium, element number 21.

Q: What group is Seaborgium in?
A: Seaborgium is in group 6, period 7.

Q: What's Lanthanum's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: what's scandium's atomic number
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: Describe Holmium.
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Sodium?
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: what type of element is iodine
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: what is the symbol for arsenic
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: what element is sn
A: Sn is Tin, element number 50.

Q: What type of element is Iridium?
A: Iridium is a transition metal.

Q: what's hafnium's atomic number
A: Hafnium has atomic number 72.

Q: what element is 61
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: Which element has the symbol Tm?
A: Tm is Thulium, element number 69.

Q: describe niobium
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Cobalt a metal?
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: Describe Technetium.
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for nitrogen
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: What's Holmium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: what element is 90
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: Tell me about the element Indium.
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the symbol for lead
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: What is the atomic number of Silver?
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: i is which element
A: I is Iodine, element number 53.

Q: give me info on phosphorus
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is zinc
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write protactinium
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: What category is Moscovium?
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Copernicium?
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: what can you tell me about nitrogen
A: Nitrogen is element 7, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what block is krypton in
A: Krypton is in the p-block.

Q: Describe Plutonium.
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Plutonium?
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Fluorine in?
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: what is element 55
A: Element 55 is Cesium, symbol Cs.

Q: What is the last element?
A: Oganesson is the heaviest element, atomic number 118.

Q: What type of element is Francium?
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: which element is atomic number 116
A: Element 116 is Livermorium, symbol Lv.

Q: What element is Po?
A: Po is Polonium, element number 84.

Q: what state is copper at room temperature
A: Copper is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about lawrencium
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: What kind of element is Flerovium?
A: Flerovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Which elements are alkali metals?
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: Describe Rhodium.
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 73
A: Element 73 is Tantalum, symbol Ta.

Q: what category is promethium
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: what state is sodium at room temperature
A: Sodium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 66?
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: what is ytterbium
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Ne stand for?
A: Ne is Neon, element number 10.

Q: is aluminium a metal or nonmetal
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Oganesson is which element number?
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: What number is Gold?
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: what number is seaborgium on the periodic table
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: what's the symbol for krypton
A: The symbol for Krypton is Kr.

Q: tell me about lanthanum
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is lawrencium in
A: Lawrencium is in the d-block.

Q: what element is br
A: Br is Bromine, element number 35.

Q: what's lanthanum's atomic number
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: What period and group is Sulfur in?
A: Sulfur is in group 16, period 3.

Q: Tell me about Einsteinium.
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: what can you tell me about helium
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: tell me about bismuth
A: Bismuth is element 83, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What kind of element is Praseodymium?
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: What can you tell me about Beryllium?
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Strontium?
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is radium's symbol
A: The symbol for Radium is Ra.

Q: What's element number 107?
A: Element 107 is Bohrium, symbol Bh.

Q: what's meitnerium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: what's xenon's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: What state is Astatine at room temperature?
A: Astatine is a solid at room temperature.

Q: bi is which element
A: Bi is Bismuth, element number 83.

Q: how do you write astatine
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: how do you write cobalt
A: The symbol for Cobalt is Co.

Q: Which element has the symbol Al?
A: Al is Aluminium, element number 13.

Q: how do you write indium
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: Give me info on Francium.
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is oganesson's symbol
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: what group is erbium in
A: Erbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: Which element is number 108?
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: what is promethium's symbol
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: which element has the symbol ti
A: Ti is Titanium, element number 22.

Q: Nitrogen is which element number?
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: which element is tb
A: Tb is Terbium, element number 65.

Q: What's element number 71?
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: how do you write phosphorus
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: what does c stand for
A: C is Carbon, element number 6.

Q: what's the symbol for copper
A: The symbol for Copper is Cu.

Q: what is the atomic number of scandium
A: Scandium has atomic number 21.

Q: Give me info on Arsenic.
A: Arsenic is element 33, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is sm
A: Sm is Samarium, element number 62.

Q: What type of element is Strontium?
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: where is polonium on the periodic table
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: What's Dubnium's atomic number?
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Rhenium?
A: The symbol for Rhenium is Re.

Q: Which element is Ce?
A: Ce is Cerium, element number 58.

Q: Describe Hassium.
A: Hassium is element 108, a transition metal.

Q: what number is lutetium on the periodic table
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: give me info on europium
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's praseodymium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: Tell me about Californium.
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: which element has the symbol cs
A: Cs is Cesium, element number 55.

Q: Beryllium is which element number?
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: What type of element is Copernicium?
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: how do you write strontium
A: The symbol for Strontium is Sr.

Q: what is the atomic number of tin
A: Tin has atomic number 50.

Q: which element is number 66
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: What type of element is Uranium?
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: which element is pb
A: Pb is Lead, element number 82.

Q: What's the symbol for Tennessine?
A: The symbol for Tennessine is Ts.

Q: what's tellurium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: what's gadolinium's atomic number
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: n is which element
A: N is Nitrogen, element number 7.

Q: what is yttrium
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Radium in?
A: Radium is in the s-block.

Q: which element has the symbol lu
A: Lu is Lutetium, element number 71.

Q: describe seaborgium
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: How do you write Ruthenium?
A: The symbol for Ruthenium is Ru.

Q: What period and group is Manganese in?
A: Manganese is in group 7, period 4.

Q: What type of element is Dysprosium?
A: Dysprosium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of titanium
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: What category is Lawrencium?
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: is nitrogen a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Nitrogen is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What number is Boron on the periodic table?
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: Tell me about the element Neptunium.
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write silver
A: The symbol for Silver is Ag.

Q: what block is americium in
A: Americium is in the f-block.

Q: what is element 57
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: where is tantalum on the periodic table
A: Tantalum has atomic number 73.

Q: what's element number 9
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: Where is Ytterbium on the periodic table?
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: what category is tantalum
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: what kind of element is platinum
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Magnesium?
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: what group is yttrium in
A: Yttrium is in group 3, period 5.

Q: what period and group is bromine in
A: Bromine is in group 17, period 4.

Q: What are the metalloids?
A: The metalloids are Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, and Tellurium.

Q: Which element is number 74?
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: Tell me about Praseodymium.
A: Praseodymium is element 59, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 24?
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: what number is uranium on the periodic table
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: what's the symbol for calcium
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: what is the symbol for europium
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: what block is dubnium in
A: Dubnium is in the d-block.

Q: what state is neptunium at room temperature
A: Neptunium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is tellurium in
A: Tellurium is in the p-block.

Q: what is scandium's symbol
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: What is Iridium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: what is the symbol for astatine
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: Is Samarium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Samarium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Vanadium?
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Cesium is which element number?
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: what number is lanthanum on the periodic table
A: Lanthanum has atomic number 57.

Q: is neptunium a metal
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: what's the symbol for thallium
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: What are the post-transition metals?
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: what's manganese's atomic number
A: Manganese has atomic number 25.

Q: describe moscovium
A: Moscovium is element 115, a post-transition metal.

Q: what category is uranium
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: which element has the symbol ra
A: Ra is Radium, element number 88.

Q: What category is Cerium?
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: what number is calcium
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: is uranium a metal
A: Uranium is a actinide.

Q: what is element 74
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: What element is Cl?
A: Cl is Chlorine, element number 17.

Q: Rb is which element?
A: Rb is Rubidium, element number 37.

Q: terbium is which element number
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: is samarium a metal or nonmetal
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element is number 90?
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: What's the symbol for Sodium?
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: what is element 109
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: is livermorium a metal
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: is tantalum a metal
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: is curium a metal or nonmetal
A: Curium is a actinide.

Q: Which element is Ra?
A: Ra is Radium, element number 88.

Q: what family is calcium in
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: What is Germanium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: what does o stand for
A: O is Oxygen, element number 8.

Q: What is the symbol for Tellurium?
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: where is nihonium on the periodic table
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: N is which element?
A: N is Nitrogen, element number 7.

Q: describe chlorine
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is Cobalt?
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is mercury a metal
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: what is the symbol for tungsten
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: What's the symbol for Lanthanum?
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: Which element is atomic number 53?
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: What's element number 14?
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: is tungsten a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Tungsten is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's thallium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: What's Ytterbium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: Tell me about the element Gadolinium.
A: Gadolinium is element 64, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 110?
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: describe ruthenium
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Ga?
A: Ga is Gallium, element number 31.

Q: what is element 10
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: where is indium on the periodic table
A: Indium has atomic number 49.

Q: What is element 1?
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Oganesson?
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: is tantalum a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Tantalum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Lutetium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Lutetium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is cobalt on the periodic table
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: Where is Carbon on the periodic table?
A: Carbon has atomic number 6.

Q: Name some halogens.
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: What can you tell me about Lawrencium?
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: how do you write technetium
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: Is Boron a metal or nonmetal?
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: is hafnium a metal or nonmetal
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 29?
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: List the post-transition metals.
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: what group is selenium in
A: Selenium is in group 16, period 4.

Q: Describe Californium.
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: is vanadium a metal
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 91
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: What can you tell me about Francium?
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is nihonium on the periodic table
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: what element is 92
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: What is the first element?
A: Hydrogen is the lightest element, atomic number 1.

Q: is copper a metal or nonmetal
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: What is element 63?
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: what number is osmium on the periodic table
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: how do you write nitrogen
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: what period and group is ytterbium in
A: Ytterbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What group is Vanadium in?
A: Vanadium is in group 5, period 4.

Q: is sulfur a metal
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: what is calcium
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Yttrium?
A: The symbol for Yttrium is Y.

Q: What kind of element is Livermorium?
A: Livermorium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Moscovium?
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: Xenon is which element number?
A: Xenon has atomic number 54.

Q: What's element number 100?
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: Tell me about the element Silicon.
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Boron in?
A: Boron is a metalloid.

Q: What period and group is Nihonium in?
A: Nihonium is in group 13, period 7.

Q: Which element is atomic number 10?
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: What is Magnesium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: what can you tell me about europium
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 65
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: what's phosphorus's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: What number is Chlorine?
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: How do you write Thallium?
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: which element is tl
A: Tl is Thallium, element number 81.

Q: What block is Antimony in?
A: Antimony is in the p-block.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Thorium?
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: Tell me about the element Barium.
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is plutonium
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: what element has atomic number 52
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: Where is Thorium on the periodic table?
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: What is the atomic number of Copper?
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: What is Nickel?
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Selenium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: What element has atomic number 53?
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: what element is w
A: W is Tungsten, element number 74.

Q: which element is atomic number 40
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: what number is silver on the periodic table
A: Silver has atomic number 47.

Q: What family is Mercury in?
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: What element is 82?
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: what can you tell me about thallium
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is rhenium on the periodic table
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: cl is which element
A: Cl is Chlorine, element number 17.

Q: what number is thallium on the periodic table
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: Tc is which element?
A: Tc is Technetium, element number 43.

Q: what's the symbol for praseodymium
A: The symbol for Praseodymium is Pr.

Q: what block is einsteinium in
A: Einsteinium is in the f-block.

Q: what is tungsten
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 112?
A: Element 112 is Copernicium, symbol Cn.

Q: tell me about vanadium
A: Vanadium is element 23, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Technetium.
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is silver in
A: Silver is in group 11, period 5.

Q: What element is Fl?
A: Fl is Flerovium, element number 114.

Q: Which element is atomic number 71?
A: Element 71 is Lutetium, symbol Lu.

Q: what period and group is erbium in
A: Erbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: what category is neptunium
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: what family is darmstadtium in
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: What element has atomic number 29?
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: What category is Bromine?
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: which element has the symbol nh
A: Nh is Nihonium, element number 113.

Q: Which element is atomic number 28?
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: What's element number 102?
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: what family is copernicium in
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Moscovium?
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: what type of element is bromine
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: what kind of element is indium
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 111?
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Moscovium?
A: The symbol for Moscovium is Mc.

Q: is mercury a metal or nonmetal
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: show me the transition metals
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: what family is aluminium in
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What category is Cobalt?
A: Cobalt is a transition metal.

Q: Technetium is which element number?
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: what type of element is lanthanum
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: What block is Samarium in?
A: Samarium is in the f-block.

Q: Tell me about Lithium.
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of iron
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: Which element is Sb?
A: Sb is Antimony, element number 51.

Q: what category is nickel
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: What is Zirconium?
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about yttrium
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is strontium in
A: Strontium is in group 2, period 5.

Q: what element is 82
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: what's the symbol for antimony
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: how do you write europium
A: The symbol for Europium is Eu.

Q: Which element is number 80?
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: what element is al
A: Al is Aluminium, element number 13.

Q: which element is mo
A: Mo is Molybdenum, element number 42.

Q: argon is which element number
A: Argon has atomic number 18.

Q: What is Manganese's symbol?
A: The symbol for Manganese is Mn.

Q: What group is Lead in?
A: Lead is in group 14, period 6.

Q: titanium is which element number
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: What's element number 92?
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: What period and group is Antimony in?
A: Antimony is in group 15, period 5.

Q: What type of element is Tin?
A: Tin is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is the atomic number of meitnerium
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: Which element is atomic number 103?
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: Give me info on Iodine.
A: Iodine is element 53, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Lawrencium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Lawrencium is Lr.

Q: what number is germanium on the periodic table
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of livermorium
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of seaborgium
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: what's element number 110
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: what block is moscovium in
A: Moscovium is in the p-block.

Q: Tell me about the element Palladium.
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of copernicium
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: Which elements are noble gases?
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: which element is number 108
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: what family is cerium in
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: What number is Thallium on the periodic table?
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: which element is number 103
A: Element 103 is Lawrencium, symbol Lr.

Q: What's element number 101?
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: What is Chromium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: What element is Am?
A: Am is Americium, element number 95.

Q: Is Calcium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: Which element is atomic number 94?
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: what's lutetium's atomic number
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: What's Niobium's atomic number?
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: what period and group is sulfur in
A: Sulfur is in group 16, period 3.

Q: Which element is Rf?
A: Rf is Rutherfordium, element number 104.

Q: what element has atomic number 15
A: Element 15 is Phosphorus, symbol P.

Q: what's the symbol for nobelium
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: What family is Neodymium in?
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: is arsenic a metal or nonmetal
A: Arsenic is a metalloid.

Q: What is Radium?
A: Radium is element 88, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Hassium on the periodic table?
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: What is the atomic number of Cesium?
A: Cesium has atomic number 55.

Q: What state is Rubidium at room temperature?
A: Rubidium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is samarium
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: What block is Vanadium in?
A: Vanadium is in the d-block.

Q: where is niobium on the periodic table
A: Niobium has atomic number 41.

Q: which element is c
A: C is Carbon, element number 6.

Q: what's radium's atomic number
A: Radium has atomic number 88.

Q: What element is F?
A: F is Fluorine, element number 9.

Q: What does Cm stand for?
A: Cm is Curium, element number 96.

Q: which element is number 9
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: What number is Fermium on the periodic table?
A: Fermium has atomic number 100.

Q: Tell me about Seaborgium.
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: what number is cerium on the periodic table
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: which element is atomic number 75
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: Which element is atomic number 72?
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: is copper a metal
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: what's niobium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: What group is Barium in?
A: Barium is in group 2, period 6.

Q: What does Ca stand for?
A: Ca is Calcium, element number 20.

Q: is erbium a metal
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is the atomic number of Osmium?
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: what's element number 82
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: Is Lead a metal?
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: roentgenium is which element number
A: Roentgenium has atomic number 111.

Q: what element is k
A: K is Potassium, element number 19.

Q: What period and group is Technetium in?
A: Technetium is in group 7, period 5.

Q: What element is 7?
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: what family is antimony in
A: Antimony is a metalloid.

Q: What's the symbol for Magnesium?
A: The symbol for Magnesium is Mg.

Q: what kind of element is scandium
A: Scandium is a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about protactinium
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Holmium is which element number?
A: Holmium has atomic number 67.

Q: What is Einsteinium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Einsteinium is Es.

Q: what does ne stand for
A: Ne is Neon, element number 10.

Q: how do you write potassium
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: What period and group is Barium in?
A: Barium is in group 2, period 6.

Q: what is the atomic number of barium
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: what element is rf
A: Rf is Rutherfordium, element number 104.

Q: how do you write plutonium
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: what category is neodymium
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: Astatine is which element number?
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: What's Moscovium's atomic number?
A: Moscovium has atomic number 115.

Q: What state is Titanium at room temperature?
A: Titanium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Strontium?
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is zinc
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: what type of element is titanium
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: which element has the symbol ho
A: Ho is Holmium, element number 67.

Q: Tell me about the element Curium.
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: what family is tungsten in
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: what kind of element is mendelevium
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: What can you tell me about Cesium?
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element has atomic number 106?
A: Element 106 is Seaborgium, symbol Sg.

Q: what period and group is vanadium in
A: Vanadium is in group 5, period 4.

Q: What is the symbol for Mendelevium?
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: Is Praseodymium a metal?
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: tell me about the element holmium
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is dubnium on the periodic table
A: Dubnium has atomic number 105.

Q: Which element is number 75?
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: what's the symbol for seaborgium
A: The symbol for Seaborgium is Sg.

Q: what type of element is neptunium
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: Uranium is which element number?
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: tell me about the element palladium
A: Palladium is element 46, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is protactinium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Protactinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Polonium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Polonium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is radon
A: Radon is a noble gas.

Q: What family is Aluminium in?
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: is magnesium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Magnesium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is ytterbium on the periodic table
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: what's element number 68
A: Element 68 is Erbium, symbol Er.

Q: molybdenum is which element number
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: what is element 82
A: Element 82 is Lead, symbol Pb.

Q: what type of element is bismuth
A: Bismuth is a post-transition metal.

Q: what are halogens?
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: Which element has the symbol N?
A: N is Nitrogen, element number 7.

Q: What type of element is Neptunium?
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: Is Chromium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Chromium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is potassium
A: Potassium is element 19, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element has the symbol Cl?
A: Cl is Chlorine, element number 17.

Q: Is Scandium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Scandium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for ytterbium
A: The symbol for Ytterbium is Yb.

Q: What is Calcium?
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Zinc?
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: What family is Yttrium in?
A: Yttrium is a transition metal.

Q: What is element 6?
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: What family is Gold in?
A: Gold is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about Lead.
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Technetium.
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what group is helium in
A: Helium is in group 18, period 1.

Q: what group is xenon in
A: Xenon is in group 18, period 5.

Q: ca is which element
A: Ca is Calcium, element number 20.

Q: What element is 47?
A: Element 47 is Silver, symbol Ag.

Q: tell me about the element oxygen
A: Oxygen is element 8, a nonmetal, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What is Indium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Indium is In.

Q: which element is u
A: U is Uranium, element number 92.

Q: what's potassium's atomic number
A: Potassium has atomic number 19.

Q: what element has atomic number 35
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: What element is Fr?
A: Fr is Francium, element number 87.

Q: What element is 84?
A: Element 84 is Polonium, symbol Po.

Q: What number is Magnesium on the periodic table?
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: what number is beryllium
A: Beryllium has atomic number 4.

Q: what kind of element is actinium
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: What block is Meitnerium in?
A: Meitnerium is in the d-block.

Q: What type of element is Helium?
A: Helium is a noble gas.

Q: what's berkelium's atomic number
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: How do you write Nitrogen?
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: what's the symbol for astatine
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: Li is which element?
A: Li is Lithium, element number 3.

Q: What state is Barium at room temperature?
A: Barium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about the element Niobium.
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what family is technetium in
A: Technetium is a transition metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 44
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: is holmium a metal or nonmetal
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: What element has atomic number 86?
A: Element 86 is Radon, symbol Rn.

Q: What element is Pu?
A: Pu is Plutonium, element number 94.

Q: where is copernicium on the periodic table
A: Copernicium has atomic number 112.

Q: what element is cf
A: Cf is Californium, element number 98.

Q: tell me about francium
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the atomic number of lutetium
A: Lutetium has atomic number 71.

Q: What is Thulium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Thulium is Tm.

Q: what family is neodymium in
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: which element has the symbol s
A: S is Sulfur, element number 16.

Q: Tell me about the element Aluminium.
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Samarium is which element number?
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: what's the symbol for iodine
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: cd is which element
A: Cd is Cadmium, element number 48.

Q: what is dubnium's symbol
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: Describe Lanthanum.
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what state is gold at room temperature
A: Gold is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Manganese a metal?
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: What's Palladium's atomic number?
A: Palladium has atomic number 46.

Q: what is group 2
A: Group 2 is the alkaline earth metals.

Q: what number is hydrogen
A: Hydrogen has atomic number 1.

Q: how do you write aluminium
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: What can you tell me about Tennessine?
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: md is which element
A: Md is Mendelevium, element number 101.

Q: What does Re stand for?
A: Re is Rhenium, element number 75.

Q: How do you write Iridium?
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: Give me info on Bohrium.
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: tell me about the element aluminium
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Silicon?
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: What element is Pd?
A: Pd is Palladium, element number 46.

Q: What family is Carbon in?
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: what's the symbol for polonium
A: The symbol for Polonium is Po.

Q: what element has atomic number 2
A: Element 2 is Helium, symbol He.

Q: Where is Platinum on the periodic table?
A: Platinum has atomic number 78.

Q: What block is Fluorine in?
A: Fluorine is in the p-block.

Q: Which element is atomic number 113?
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: give me info on cesium
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is Tl?
A: Tl is Thallium, element number 81.

Q: Tell me about the element Nickel.
A: Nickel is element 28, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's holmium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: Is Titanium a metal?
A: Titanium is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Hassium?
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: what is the atomic number of flerovium
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: What's element number 61?
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: what type of element is chlorine
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: which element is th
A: Th is Thorium, element number 90.

Q: what is iron's symbol
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: what number is plutonium on the periodic table
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: Tell me about the element Tungsten.
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's erbium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Erbium is Er.

Q: what does mc stand for
A: Mc is Moscovium, element number 115.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of lutetium
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: What's Fluorine's atomic number?
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: how do you write boron
A: The symbol for Boron is B.

Q: What can you tell me about Terbium?
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Describe Strontium.
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which elements are gases at room temperature
A: The gaseous elements are Hydrogen, Helium, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Fluorine, Neon, Chlorine, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, and Radon.

Q: What type of element is Iodine?
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: Which element has the symbol Eu?
A: Eu is Europium, element number 63.

Q: Which element has the symbol No?
A: No is Nobelium, element number 102.

Q: what element has atomic number 109
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: what block is iridium in
A: Iridium is in the d-block.

Q: What is the atomic number of Darmstadtium?
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: what's the symbol for bismuth
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: What type of element is Samarium?
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: what can you tell me about molybdenum
A: Molybdenum is element 42, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Neon a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Neon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for terbium
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: silicon is which element number
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: What is Cadmium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: What can you tell me about Uranium?
A: Uranium is element 92, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Tungsten a metal?
A: Tungsten is a transition metal.

Q: What number is Flerovium on the periodic table?
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: what block is francium in
A: Francium is in the s-block.

Q: I is which element?
A: I is Iodine, element number 53.

Q: Which element is Pt?
A: Pt is Platinum, element number 78.

Q: What's the symbol for Terbium?
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: what family is nickel in
A: Nickel is a transition metal.

Q: what is technetium's symbol
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: what category is chlorine
A: Chlorine is a halogen.

Q: What is element 5?
A: Element 5 is Boron, symbol B.

Q: which element is ti
A: Ti is Titanium, element number 22.

Q: Tell me about Osmium.
A: Osmium is element 76, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is berkelium
A: Berkelium is a actinide.

Q: What element is 26?
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: Which element is Co?
A: Co is Cobalt, element number 27.

Q: what is the atomic number of gallium
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: Give me info on Calcium.
A: Calcium is element 20, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What does Cr stand for?
A: Cr is Chromium, element number 24.

Q: What's Magnesium's atomic number?
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: what does as stand for
A: As is Arsenic, element number 33.

Q: Is Calcium a metal?
A: Calcium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: thallium is which element number
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: What can you tell me about Californium?
A: Californium is element 98, a actinide.

Q: Sn is which element?
A: Sn is Tin, element number 50.

Q: what kind of element is sodium
A: Sodium is a alkali metal.

Q: What's Berkelium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: what's the symbol for thorium
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: What is the atomic number of Strontium?
A: Strontium has atomic number 38.

Q: is neodymium a metal or nonmetal
A: Neodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: what element has atomic number 77
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: What is element 60?
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: how do you write germanium
A: The symbol for Germanium is Ge.

Q: What block is Yttrium in?
A: Yttrium is in the d-block.

Q: What type of element is Phosphorus?
A: Phosphorus is a nonmetal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of astatine
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: what is the symbol for nickel
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: what family is platinum in
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: what's element number 44
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: what category is samarium
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is Magnesium?
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is neon in
A: Neon is in the p-block.

Q: What kind of element is Mendelevium?
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: What can you tell me about Copernicium?
A: Copernicium is element 112, a transition metal.

Q: what kind of element is hassium
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Selenium in?
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: what family is potassium in
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: What's element number 113?
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: is lanthanum a metal
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element is number 54?
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: neptunium is which element number
A: Neptunium has atomic number 93.

Q: is moscovium a metal
A: Moscovium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is the atomic number of oganesson
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: What's element number 52?
A: Element 52 is Tellurium, symbol Te.

Q: Give me info on Selenium.
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: list the transition metals
A: Transition metals include Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium, Chromium, Manganese, and Iron.

Q: How do you write Terbium?
A: The symbol for Terbium is Tb.

Q: pa is which element
A: Pa is Protactinium, element number 91.

Q: what number is oganesson
A: Oganesson has atomic number 118.

Q: what group is palladium in
A: Palladium is in group 10, period 5.

Q: What number is Iodine?
A: Iodine has atomic number 53.

Q: What is Astatine's symbol?
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: what is iridium's symbol
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: What element has atomic number 63?
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: describe iridium
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does in stand for
A: In is Indium, element number 49.

Q: What is the symbol for Nickel?
A: The symbol for Nickel is Ni.

Q: What number is Plutonium?
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of platinum
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: what group is aluminium in
A: Aluminium is in group 13, period 3.

Q: What is the most abundant element in Earth's crust?
A: Oxygen is the most abundant element in Earth's crust.

Q: What category is Dubnium?
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: where is molybdenum on the periodic table
A: Molybdenum has atomic number 42.

Q: w is which element
A: W is Tungsten, element number 74.

Q: what number is plutonium
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: what kind of element is bromine
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: what family is iodine in
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: what kind of element is cerium
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: What's Tennessine's atomic number?
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: What category is Mercury?
A: Mercury is a transition metal.

Q: what kind of element is promethium
A: Promethium is a lanthanide.

Q: what element is ra
A: Ra is Radium, element number 88.

Q: is rhenium a metal
A: Rhenium is a transition metal.

Q: what period and group is rhenium in
A: Rhenium is in group 7, period 6.

Q: What does Bi stand for?
A: Bi is Bismuth, element number 83.

Q: what element is 20
A: Element 20 is Calcium, symbol Ca.

Q: What type of element is Terbium?
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: Tell me about the element Zirconium.
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Iodine?
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: Tm is which element?
A: Tm is Thulium, element number 69.

Q: Mg is which element?
A: Mg is Magnesium, element number 12.

Q: tell me about the element bohrium
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: How do you write Uranium?
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: tell me about barium
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Radon on the periodic table?
A: Radon has atomic number 86.

Q: What group is Gold in?
A: Gold is in group 11, period 6.

Q: what period and group is terbium in
A: Terbium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What state is Cerium at room temperature?
A: Cerium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 80?
A: Element 80 is Mercury, symbol Hg.

Q: Give me a lanthanide.
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: What state is Yttrium at room temperature?
A: Yttrium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Europium in?
A: Europium is in the f-block.

Q: What element is 41?
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: is oxygen a metal
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: What is element 105?
A: Element 105 is Dubnium, symbol Db.

Q: Which element is number 117?
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: What's the symbol for Hafnium?
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: what is sodium's symbol
A: The symbol for Sodium is Na.

Q: Os is which element?
A: Os is Osmium, element number 76.

Q: describe radon
A: Radon is element 86, a noble gas.

Q: What does Xe stand for?
A: Xe is Xenon, element number 54.

Q: what can you tell me about magnesium
A: Magnesium is element 12, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Plutonium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Plutonium is Pu.

Q: what group is germanium in
A: Germanium is in group 14, period 4.

Q: which element is number 35
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: Which element has the symbol Pm?
A: Pm is Promethium, element number 61.

Q: What number is Livermorium on the periodic table?
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: what block is gadolinium in
A: Gadolinium is in the f-block.

Q: which element has the symbol xe
A: Xe is Xenon, element number 54.

Q: describe cobalt
A: Cobalt is element 27, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write tungsten
A: The symbol for Tungsten is W.

Q: how do you write zinc
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: what is xenon's symbol
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: What kind of element is Lanthanum?
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: Eu is which element?
A: Eu is Europium, element number 63.

Q: give me info on gold
A: Gold is element 79, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is californium
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: What number is Rutherfordium?
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: is platinum a metal or nonmetal
A: Platinum is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Copper in?
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Lawrencium?
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: What type of element is Actinium?
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: krypton is which element number
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: What kind of element is Francium?
A: Francium is a alkali metal.

Q: Give me info on Silver.
A: Silver is element 47, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Selenium?
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 40
A: Element 40 is Zirconium, symbol Zr.

Q: Which element has the symbol Tb?
A: Tb is Terbium, element number 65.

Q: what number is francium on the periodic table
A: Francium has atomic number 87.

Q: is beryllium a metal
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what group is tungsten in
A: Tungsten is in group 6, period 6.

Q: what is the symbol for thorium
A: The symbol for Thorium is Th.

Q: which element has the symbol rf
A: Rf is Rutherfordium, element number 104.

Q: is chlorine a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Chlorine is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what element is no
A: No is Nobelium, element number 102.

Q: What type of element is Ytterbium?
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: what element is n
A: N is Nitrogen, element number 7.

Q: what element is as
A: As is Arsenic, element number 33.

Q: What does Cs stand for?
A: Cs is Cesium, element number 55.

Q: what category is aluminium
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what group is calcium in
A: Calcium is in group 2, period 4.

Q: what block is iron in
A: Iron is in the d-block.

Q: What's element number 74?
A: Element 74 is Tungsten, symbol W.

Q: what's element number 93
A: Element 93 is Neptunium, symbol Np.

Q: what element has atomic number 28
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: what element is co
A: Co is Cobalt, element number 27.

Q: what's element number 7
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: what element is ca
A: Ca is Calcium, element number 20.

Q: what kind of element is tantalum
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: hg is which element
A: Hg is Mercury, element number 80.

Q: what's the symbol for tantalum
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: what does tm stand for
A: Tm is Thulium, element number 69.

Q: What element has atomic number 72?
A: Element 72 is Hafnium, symbol Hf.

Q: what number is chlorine on the periodic table
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: is rhodium a metal
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: Tell me about the element Argon.
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: Which element is number 94?
A: Element 94 is Plutonium, symbol Pu.

Q: Thallium is which element number?
A: Thallium has atomic number 81.

Q: What is Nihonium?
A: Nihonium is element 113, a transition metal.

Q: What is element 89?
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: what group is lutetium in
A: Lutetium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: tell me about the element promethium
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is carbon
A: Carbon is a nonmetal.

Q: What's the symbol for Argon?
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: what can you tell me about silicon
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is atomic number 4
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: what's element number 62
A: Element 62 is Samarium, symbol Sm.

Q: what is a row on the periodic table
A: A period is a horizontal row of the periodic table. There are seven periods.

Q: Tell me about the element Tin.
A: Tin is element 50, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Bohrium.
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about argon
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: ru is which element
A: Ru is Ruthenium, element number 44.

Q: what is lutetium's symbol
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: What is the atomic number of Nihonium?
A: Nihonium has atomic number 113.

Q: What number is Ytterbium on the periodic table?
A: Ytterbium has atomic number 70.

Q: what family is nitrogen in
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: What type of element is Gadolinium?
A: Gadolinium is a lanthanide.

Q: name some alkali metals
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: What is element 104?
A: Element 104 is Rutherfordium, symbol Rf.

Q: what category is cesium
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: which element has the symbol f
A: F is Fluorine, element number 9.

Q: Is Rubidium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Rubidium is a alkali metal.

Q: what is element 92
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: What number is Vanadium on the periodic table?
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: what's rhodium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Rhodium is Rh.

Q: which element is atomic number 8
A: Element 8 is Oxygen, symbol O.

Q: What's Tantalum's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: What is the symbol for Lithium?
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: what's neptunium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Neptunium is Np.

Q: Silicon is which element number?
A: Silicon has atomic number 14.

Q: What category is Sulfur?
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: is xenon a metal
A: Xenon is a noble gas.

Q: tell me about the element einsteinium
A: Einsteinium is element 99, a actinide.

Q: Is Erbium a metal?
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: What kind of element is Oganesson?
A: Oganesson is a noble gas.

Q: Is Iron a metal or nonmetal?
A: Iron is a transition metal.

Q: What type of element is Seaborgium?
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: what number is dysprosium on the periodic table
A: Dysprosium has atomic number 66.

Q: What's element number 19?
A: Element 19 is Potassium, symbol K.

Q: What is Lead's symbol?
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: What does Sc stand for?
A: Sc is Scandium, element number 21.

Q: what's the symbol for flerovium
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: Tell me about the element Yttrium.
A: Yttrium is element 39, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is roentgenium
A: Roentgenium is a transition metal.

Q: what kind of element is bohrium
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Erbium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Erbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is bohrium
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: is titanium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Titanium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is polonium on the periodic table
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: what element is 38
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: What's Meitnerium's atomic number?
A: Meitnerium has atomic number 109.

Q: which element is pa
A: Pa is Protactinium, element number 91.

Q: what family is polonium in
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: name some post-transition metals
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: What group is Meitnerium in?
A: Meitnerium is in group 9, period 7.

Q: is thulium a metal or nonmetal
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: What state is Radon at room temperature?
A: Radon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: What's element number 17?
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: How do you write Calcium?
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: what group is praseodymium in
A: Praseodymium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: which element is atomic number 70
A: Element 70 is Ytterbium, symbol Yb.

Q: What number is Thorium?
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: how do you write selenium
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: what can you tell me about francium
A: Francium is element 87, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is beryllium a metal or nonmetal
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what group is lawrencium in
A: Lawrencium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: tell me about the element europium
A: Europium is element 63, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Nitrogen a metal?
A: Nitrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: what can you tell me about strontium
A: Strontium is element 38, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which elements are halogens?
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: What block is Holmium in?
A: Holmium is in the f-block.

Q: Is Neodymium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Neodymium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Helium.
A: Helium is element 2, a noble gas.

Q: What family is Hassium in?
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: is gadolinium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Gadolinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol rn
A: Rn is Radon, element number 86.

Q: what is the atomic number of selenium
A: Selenium has atomic number 34.

Q: Tell me about the element Xenon.
A: Xenon is element 54, a noble gas.

Q: Tell me about Krypton.
A: Krypton is element 36, a noble gas.

Q: what can you tell me about plutonium
A: Plutonium is element 94, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write uranium
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: is tin a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Tin is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 61?
A: Element 61 is Promethium, symbol Pm.

Q: Is Aluminium a metal?
A: Aluminium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what category is mendelevium
A: Mendelevium is a actinide.

Q: what's the symbol for cadmium
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: what's element number 38
A: Element 38 is Strontium, symbol Sr.

Q: Neodymium is which element number?
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: What's the symbol for Nitrogen?
A: The symbol for Nitrogen is N.

Q: What period and group is Einsteinium in?
A: Einsteinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what's astatine's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Astatine is At.

Q: How do you write Neon?
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: What is Flerovium?
A: Flerovium is element 114, a post-transition metal.

Q: What category is Bohrium?
A: Bohrium is a transition metal.

Q: How do you write Lanthanum?
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: What's Aluminium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Aluminium is Al.

Q: what family is dubnium in
A: Dubnium is a transition metal.

Q: is lutetium a metal
A: Lutetium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is carbon
A: Carbon is element 6, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of rutherfordium
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: Tell me about the element Cesium.
A: Cesium is element 55, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Cobalt?
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: what period and group is nitrogen in
A: Nitrogen is in group 15, period 2.

Q: What state is Platinum at room temperature?
A: Platinum is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does sg stand for
A: Sg is Seaborgium, element number 106.

Q: Give me info on Aluminium.
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of oganesson
A: The symbol for Oganesson is Og.

Q: Tell me about the element Bromine.
A: Bromine is element 35, a halogen, and is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: What element is Os?
A: Os is Osmium, element number 76.

Q: what state is phosphorus at room temperature
A: Phosphorus is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Krypton a metal?
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: What element is Rb?
A: Rb is Rubidium, element number 37.

Q: At is which element?
A: At is Astatine, element number 85.

Q: is vanadium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Vanadium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Thallium?
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: Which element is number 89?
A: Element 89 is Actinium, symbol Ac.

Q: what family is fluorine in
A: Fluorine is a halogen.

Q: What is Technetium?
A: Technetium is element 43, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is radon a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Radon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what are the post-transition metals
A: Post-transition metals include Aluminium, Gallium, Indium, Tin, Thallium, and Lead.

Q: What is the symbol for Antimony?
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: What category is Neptunium?
A: Neptunium is a actinide.

Q: What's Iron's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Iron is Fe.

Q: what state is neodymium at room temperature
A: Neodymium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Where is Boron on the periodic table?
A: Boron has atomic number 5.

Q: which element has the symbol be
A: Be is Beryllium, element number 4.

Q: what number is berkelium on the periodic table
A: Berkelium has atomic number 97.

Q: Which element is Eu?
A: Eu is Europium, element number 63.

Q: what does fm stand for
A: Fm is Fermium, element number 100.

Q: Tellurium is which element number?
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: what block is bohrium in
A: Bohrium is in the d-block.

Q: describe erbium
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element has atomic number 87
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: where is lawrencium on the periodic table
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: which element has the symbol fr
A: Fr is Francium, element number 87.

Q: Tell me about Astatine.
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write lithium
A: The symbol for Lithium is Li.

Q: what element is 49
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: what is the symbol for protactinium
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: What's element number 75?
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: what family is beryllium in
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what's element number 4
A: Element 4 is Beryllium, symbol Be.

Q: What state is Palladium at room temperature?
A: Palladium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Zirconium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: describe lutetium
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Bohrium in?
A: Bohrium is in the d-block.

Q: What's element number 1?
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: what family is astatine in
A: Astatine is a halogen.

Q: what is the symbol for lutetium
A: The symbol for Lutetium is Lu.

Q: Which element is atomic number 44?
A: Element 44 is Ruthenium, symbol Ru.

Q: Tell me about the element Zinc.
A: Zinc is element 30, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is hassium
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: What is Molybdenum's symbol?
A: The symbol for Molybdenum is Mo.

Q: what family is rhodium in
A: Rhodium is a transition metal.

Q: What kind of element is Thallium?
A: Thallium is a post-transition metal.

Q: is zinc a metal
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: show me the noble gases
A: The noble gases are Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, Xenon, Radon, and Oganesson.

Q: What can you tell me about Germanium?
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Cesium in?
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: Is Silicon a metal or nonmetal?
A: Silicon is a metalloid.

Q: where is tellurium on the periodic table
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: what type of element is protactinium
A: Protactinium is a actinide.

Q: What is the symbol for Cadmium?
A: The symbol for Cadmium is Cd.

Q: Give me info on Thorium.
A: Thorium is element 90, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Si is which element?
A: Si is Silicon, element number 14.

Q: What is element 35?
A: Element 35 is Bromine, symbol Br.

Q: What family is Terbium in?
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: what's cerium's atomic number
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: what period and group is berkelium in
A: Berkelium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: How do you write Actinium?
A: The symbol for Actinium is Ac.

Q: Is Cesium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Cesium is a alkali metal.

Q: What element has atomic number 28?
A: Element 28 is Nickel, symbol Ni.

Q: What block is Thulium in?
A: Thulium is in the f-block.

Q: which element is cn
A: Cn is Copernicium, element number 112.

Q: which element is number 101
A: Element 101 is Mendelevium, symbol Md.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Calcium?
A: The symbol for Calcium is Ca.

Q: what kind of element is samarium
A: Samarium is a lanthanide.

Q: what number is copper
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: what group is meitnerium in
A: Meitnerium is in group 9, period 7.

Q: how do you write rubidium
A: The symbol for Rubidium is Rb.

Q: What kind of element is Radium?
A: Radium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what is iridium
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Gallium's atomic number?
A: Gallium has atomic number 31.

Q: what's the symbol for zinc
A: The symbol for Zinc is Zn.

Q: What can you tell me about Rubidium?
A: Rubidium is element 37, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: rutherfordium is which element number
A: Rutherfordium has atomic number 104.

Q: which element is number 6
A: Element 6 is Carbon, symbol C.

Q: What is the atomic number of Europium?
A: Europium has atomic number 63.

Q: What is the symbol for Silicon?
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: Which element is Np?
A: Np is Neptunium, element number 93.

Q: what period and group is bohrium in
A: Bohrium is in group 7, period 7.

Q: what is the atomic number of hassium
A: Hassium has atomic number 108.

Q: What number is Erbium?
A: Erbium has atomic number 68.

Q: what category is seaborgium
A: Seaborgium is a transition metal.

Q: what can you tell me about samarium
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what category is indium
A: Indium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what period and group is platinum in
A: Platinum is in group 10, period 6.

Q: is fermium a metal
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: Gold is which element number?
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: Antimony is which element number?
A: Antimony has atomic number 51.

Q: P is which element?
A: P is Phosphorus, element number 15.

Q: What family is group 18?
A: Group 18 is the noble gases.

Q: what is the symbol for phosphorus
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: what state is bismuth at room temperature
A: Bismuth is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is fl
A: Fl is Flerovium, element number 114.

Q: Give me info on Boron.
A: Boron is element 5, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What can you tell me about Protactinium?
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Actinium's atomic number?
A: Actinium has atomic number 89.

Q: what's the symbol for technetium
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: What's Nihonium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: What is the atomic number of Tennessine?
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: Which element is Nh?
A: Nh is Nihonium, element number 113.

Q: What category is Cadmium?
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: Oxygen is which element number?
A: Oxygen has atomic number 8.

Q: What's Arsenic's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: where is astatine on the periodic table
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: which element is se
A: Se is Selenium, element number 34.

Q: what is element 33
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: what family is praseodymium in
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: What group is Antimony in?
A: Antimony is in group 15, period 5.

Q: what does tb stand for
A: Tb is Terbium, element number 65.

Q: Which element is atomic number 102?
A: Element 102 is Nobelium, symbol No.

Q: What is Xenon's symbol?
A: The symbol for Xenon is Xe.

Q: What's the symbol for Thallium?
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: What number is Thorium on the periodic table?
A: Thorium has atomic number 90.

Q: what number is barium
A: Barium has atomic number 56.

Q: What block is Hassium in?
A: Hassium is in the d-block.

Q: what is thulium
A: Thulium is element 69, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element has the symbol ts
A: Ts is Tennessine, element number 117.

Q: Rn is which element?
A: Rn is Radon, element number 86.

Q: where is uranium on the periodic table
A: Uranium has atomic number 92.

Q: what period and group is neptunium in
A: Neptunium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what block is zirconium in
A: Zirconium is in the d-block.

Q: give me info on germanium
A: Germanium is element 32, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on antimony
A: Antimony is element 51, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is terbium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Terbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Praseodymium on the periodic table?
A: Praseodymium has atomic number 59.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Neodymium?
A: The symbol for Neodymium is Nd.

Q: what state is helium at room temperature
A: Helium is a gas at room temperature.

Q: Which elements are nonmetals?
A: The nonmetals are Hydrogen, Carbon, Nitrogen, Oxygen, Phosphorus, Sulfur, and Selenium.

Q: Give me info on Iridium.
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Bromine is which element number?
A: Bromine has atomic number 35.

Q: Is Actinium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Actinium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: gadolinium is which element number
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: what family is ytterbium in
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: what is holmium's symbol
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: Is Francium a solid, liquid, or gas?
A: Francium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What are the alkali metals?
A: The alkali metals are Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Cesium, and Francium.

Q: What element is 12?
A: Element 12 is Magnesium, symbol Mg.

Q: how do you write neon
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: Which element is atomic number 21?
A: Element 21 is Scandium, symbol Sc.

Q: what kind of element is terbium
A: Terbium is a lanthanide.

Q: what's element number 33
A: Element 33 is Arsenic, symbol As.

Q: what is the atomic number of nitrogen
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: What is Cesium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Cesium is Cs.

Q: What is Niobium?
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What family is Barium in?
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what element has atomic number 78
A: Element 78 is Platinum, symbol Pt.

Q: What element has atomic number 36?
A: Element 36 is Krypton, symbol Kr.

Q: what block is thulium in
A: Thulium is in the f-block.

Q: What is the atomic number of Rubidium?
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: which element is atomic number 41
A: Element 41 is Niobium, symbol Nb.

Q: What type of element is Sulfur?
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: What type of element is Argon?
A: Argon is a noble gas.

Q: describe americium
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: how do you write copernicium
A: The symbol for Copernicium is Cn.

Q: what's vanadium's atomic number
A: Vanadium has atomic number 23.

Q: what is meitnerium's symbol
A: The symbol for Meitnerium is Mt.

Q: Which element is atomic number 91?
A: Element 91 is Protactinium, symbol Pa.

Q: which element is atomic number 66
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: what element is 96
A: Element 96 is Curium, symbol Cm.

Q: What is the atomic number of Californium?
A: Californium has atomic number 98.

Q: which element is y
A: Y is Yttrium, element number 39.

Q: what is flerovium's symbol
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: what number is polonium
A: Polonium has atomic number 84.

Q: is tantalum a metal or nonmetal
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: what type of element is hassium
A: Hassium is a transition metal.

Q: Where is Promethium on the periodic table?
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: what is element 81
A: Element 81 is Thallium, symbol Tl.

Q: is thulium a metal
A: Thulium is a lanthanide.

Q: Describe Tennessine.
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: tell me about the element indium
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 53?
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: What is the atomic number of Nickel?
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: how do you write livermorium
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: what block is nihonium in
A: Nihonium is in the p-block.

Q: what state is calcium at room temperature
A: Calcium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write mendelevium
A: The symbol for Mendelevium is Md.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of berkelium
A: The symbol for Berkelium is Bk.

Q: What group is Titanium in?
A: Titanium is in group 4, period 4.

Q: what is the atomic number of cobalt
A: Cobalt has atomic number 27.

Q: What's the symbol for Bismuth?
A: The symbol for Bismuth is Bi.

Q: What number is Darmstadtium on the periodic table?
A: Darmstadtium has atomic number 110.

Q: What is the atomic number of Titanium?
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: what's element number 77
A: Element 77 is Iridium, symbol Ir.

Q: what is uranium's symbol
A: The symbol for Uranium is U.

Q: Tell me about the element Seaborgium.
A: Seaborgium is element 106, a transition metal.

Q: how many noble gases are there
A: There are 7 noble gases among the 118 elements.

Q: What group is Einsteinium in?
A: Einsteinium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: Is Tennessine a metal?
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: what is element 110
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: is polonium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Polonium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what element is ta
A: Ta is Tantalum, element number 73.

Q: Is Krypton a metal or nonmetal?
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: what can you tell me about barium
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is Protactinium?
A: Protactinium is element 91, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: how do you write zirconium
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: Give me info on Indium.
A: Indium is element 49, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Polonium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of nihonium
A: The symbol for Nihonium is Nh.

Q: Is Hydrogen a metal?
A: Hydrogen is a nonmetal.

Q: Is Bromine a metal?
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: which element is pu
A: Pu is Plutonium, element number 94.

Q: What number is Rubidium on the periodic table?
A: Rubidium has atomic number 37.

Q: what is barium
A: Barium is element 56, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 75
A: Element 75 is Rhenium, symbol Re.

Q: what can you tell me about neodymium
A: Neodymium is element 60, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what can you tell me about dysprosium
A: Dysprosium is element 66, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is strontium a metal
A: Strontium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: tell me about roentgenium
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: Is Osmium a metal?
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Roentgenium?
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: What period and group is Rhodium in?
A: Rhodium is in group 9, period 5.

Q: How do you write Oxygen?
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: What element has atomic number 113?
A: Element 113 is Nihonium, symbol Nh.

Q: is manganese a metal
A: Manganese is a transition metal.

Q: Which element has the symbol Cs?
A: Cs is Cesium, element number 55.

Q: Terbium is which element number?
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: what block is helium in
A: Helium is in the s-block.

Q: what element is 59
A: Element 59 is Praseodymium, symbol Pr.

Q: Give me info on Cadmium.
A: Cadmium is element 48, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: which element is number 76
A: Element 76 is Osmium, symbol Os.

Q: what type of element is polonium
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: What are the halogens?
A: The halogens are Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine.

Q: neodymium is which element number
A: Neodymium has atomic number 60.

Q: where is iridium on the periodic table
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: what number is rhenium
A: Rhenium has atomic number 75.

Q: Give me info on Curium.
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: where is sodium on the periodic table
A: Sodium has atomic number 11.

Q: what is the symbol for iodine
A: The symbol for Iodine is I.

Q: Where is Nickel on the periodic table?
A: Nickel has atomic number 28.

Q: What's the symbol for Rutherfordium?
A: The symbol for Rutherfordium is Rf.

Q: give me info on copper
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's flerovium's atomic number
A: Flerovium has atomic number 114.

Q: What's the symbol for Niobium?
A: The symbol for Niobium is Nb.

Q: what element is ru
A: Ru is Ruthenium, element number 44.

Q: what category is beryllium
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what's sulfur's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Sulfur is S.

Q: what category is krypton
A: Krypton is a noble gas.

Q: what can you tell me about astatine
A: Astatine is element 85, a halogen, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: iridium is which element number
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: What number is Tungsten?
A: Tungsten has atomic number 74.

Q: what group is tennessine in
A: Tennessine is in group 17, period 7.

Q: which element is sn
A: Sn is Tin, element number 50.

Q: tell me about fermium
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: what's gallium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Gallium is Ga.

Q: is ytterbium a metal or nonmetal
A: Ytterbium is a lanthanide.

Q: Which element is number 88?
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: what number is promethium
A: Promethium has atomic number 61.

Q: what element is 17
A: Element 17 is Chlorine, symbol Cl.

Q: what period and group is uranium in
A: Uranium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: What number is Nitrogen on the periodic table?
A: Nitrogen has atomic number 7.

Q: what group is sodium in
A: Sodium is in group 1, period 3.

Q: how do you write nobelium
A: The symbol for Nobelium is No.

Q: What block is Platinum in?
A: Platinum is in the d-block.

Q: What element is 108?
A: Element 108 is Hassium, symbol Hs.

Q: what is lutetium
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what type of element is niobium
A: Niobium is a transition metal.

Q: Is Silver a metal or nonmetal?
A: Silver is a transition metal.

Q: which element is number 65
A: Element 65 is Terbium, symbol Tb.

Q: p is which element
A: P is Phosphorus, element number 15.

Q: where is neon on the periodic table
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: what category is polonium
A: Polonium is a post-transition metal.

Q: what type of element is osmium
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: phosphorus is which element number
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: what number is iridium on the periodic table
A: Iridium has atomic number 77.

Q: what element has atomic number 9
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: What element is 92?
A: Element 92 is Uranium, symbol U.

Q: What's element number 111?
A: Element 111 is Roentgenium, symbol Rg.

Q: where is tennessine on the periodic table
A: Tennessine has atomic number 117.

Q: What element is 27?
A: Element 27 is Cobalt, symbol Co.

Q: tell me about holmium
A: Holmium is element 67, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tl is which element
A: Tl is Thallium, element number 81.

Q: describe rutherfordium
A: Rutherfordium is element 104, a transition metal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of dubnium
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: what category is selenium
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: what state is tin at room temperature
A: Tin is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What type of element is Darmstadtium?
A: Darmstadtium is a transition metal.

Q: What state is Zinc at room temperature?
A: Zinc is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on silicon
A: Silicon is element 14, a metalloid, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what period and group is darmstadtium in
A: Darmstadtium is in group 10, period 7.

Q: Is Copper a metal?
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: Is Lawrencium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: what's einsteinium's atomic number
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: What's Selenium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Selenium is Se.

Q: what is the atomic number of cadmium
A: Cadmium has atomic number 48.

Q: what category is tennessine
A: Tennessine is a halogen.

Q: What state is Erbium at room temperature?
A: Erbium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is beryllium
A: Beryllium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: give me info on chlorine
A: Chlorine is element 17, a halogen, and is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what group is rutherfordium in
A: Rutherfordium is in group 4, period 7.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of hafnium
A: The symbol for Hafnium is Hf.

Q: give me info on rhodium
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is fermium a metal or nonmetal
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: what does xe stand for
A: Xe is Xenon, element number 54.

Q: which element has the symbol eu
A: Eu is Europium, element number 63.

Q: Where is Phosphorus on the periodic table?
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: Where is Bohrium on the periodic table?
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: what can you tell me about actinium
A: Actinium is element 89, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what block is tantalum in
A: Tantalum is in the d-block.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Bohrium?
A: The symbol for Bohrium is Bh.

Q: What number is Terbium on the periodic table?
A: Terbium has atomic number 65.

Q: What kind of element is Germanium?
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: what group is technetium in
A: Technetium is in group 7, period 5.

Q: What number is Neon?
A: Neon has atomic number 10.

Q: Is Oxygen a metal?
A: Oxygen is a nonmetal.

Q: What state is Thallium at room temperature?
A: Thallium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Carbon at room temperature?
A: Carbon is a solid at room temperature.

Q: copper is which element number
A: Copper has atomic number 29.

Q: What is the symbol for Iridium?
A: The symbol for Iridium is Ir.

Q: is iodine a metal
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: What's the symbol for Antimony?
A: The symbol for Antimony is Sb.

Q: which element has the symbol mn
A: Mn is Manganese, element number 25.

Q: What's the symbol for Flerovium?
A: The symbol for Flerovium is Fl.

Q: Is Meitnerium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Meitnerium is a transition metal.

Q: what's element number 18
A: Element 18 is Argon, symbol Ar.

Q: What block is Cesium in?
A: Cesium is in the s-block.

Q: What state is Plutonium at room temperature?
A: Plutonium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Dysprosium in?
A: Dysprosium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What element is Tm?
A: Tm is Thulium, element number 69.

Q: Seaborgium is which element number?
A: Seaborgium has atomic number 106.

Q: Which element is Yb?
A: Yb is Ytterbium, element number 70.

Q: What block is Molybdenum in?
A: Molybdenum is in the d-block.

Q: what is the symbol for roentgenium
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: is phosphorus a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Phosphorus is a solid at room temperature.

Q: where is cerium on the periodic table
A: Cerium has atomic number 58.

Q: What block is Dubnium in?
A: Dubnium is in the d-block.

Q: is zirconium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Zirconium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is element 117?
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: what is the symbol for promethium
A: The symbol for Promethium is Pm.

Q: what element has atomic number 117
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: What kind of element is Erbium?
A: Erbium is a lanthanide.

Q: What is the symbol for Samarium?
A: The symbol for Samarium is Sm.

Q: what is element 60
A: Element 60 is Neodymium, symbol Nd.

Q: What element is Hf?
A: Hf is Hafnium, element number 72.

Q: tell me about the element erbium
A: Erbium is element 68, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Copper a metal or nonmetal?
A: Copper is a transition metal.

Q: What element has atomic number 14?
A: Element 14 is Silicon, symbol Si.

Q: what type of element is californium
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: What's Osmium's atomic number?
A: Osmium has atomic number 76.

Q: C is which element?
A: C is Carbon, element number 6.

Q: what's the symbol for titanium
A: The symbol for Titanium is Ti.

Q: describe curium
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: what block is carbon in
A: Carbon is in the p-block.

Q: what is element 98
A: Element 98 is Californium, symbol Cf.

Q: Is Plutonium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Plutonium is a actinide.

Q: Which element has the symbol Og?
A: Og is Oganesson, element number 118.

Q: describe bohrium
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: What family is Bromine in?
A: Bromine is a halogen.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Technetium?
A: The symbol for Technetium is Tc.

Q: Give me info on Lutetium.
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Is Osmium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Osmium is a transition metal.

Q: What family is Cerium in?
A: Cerium is a lanthanide.

Q: How many transition metals are there?
A: There are 39 transition metals among the 118 elements.

Q: What's Einsteinium's atomic number?
A: Einsteinium has atomic number 99.

Q: what is the atomic number of bismuth
A: Bismuth has atomic number 83.

Q: What is the atomic number of Yttrium?
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: what element is 99
A: Element 99 is Einsteinium, symbol Es.

Q: is radium a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Radium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what number is samarium on the periodic table
A: Samarium has atomic number 62.

Q: what is thallium
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what does es stand for
A: Es is Einsteinium, element number 99.

Q: what is the atomic number of sulfur
A: Sulfur has atomic number 16.

Q: H is which element?
A: H is Hydrogen, element number 1.

Q: Gadolinium is which element number?
A: Gadolinium has atomic number 64.

Q: Tell me about the element Platinum.
A: Platinum is element 78, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Tell me about Selenium.
A: Selenium is element 34, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What period and group is Mendelevium in?
A: Mendelevium is in group 3, period 7.

Q: what family is cadmium in
A: Cadmium is a transition metal.

Q: What's the symbol for Protactinium?
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.

Q: What type of element is Hafnium?
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: What period and group is Sodium in?
A: Sodium is in group 1, period 3.

Q: What type of element is Lead?
A: Lead is a post-transition metal.

Q: describe promethium
A: Promethium is element 61, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What state is Ruthenium at room temperature?
A: Ruthenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the symbol for Lanthanum?
A: The symbol for Lanthanum is La.

Q: tell me about iridium
A: Iridium is element 77, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's chromium's chemical symbol
A: The symbol for Chromium is Cr.

Q: What's element number 109?
A: Element 109 is Meitnerium, symbol Mt.

Q: name some actinides
A: Actinides include Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium, Uranium, Neptunium, and Plutonium.

Q: Tell me about Tennessine.
A: Tennessine is element 117, a halogen.

Q: Tell me about the element Lead.
A: Lead is element 82, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is the atomic number of astatine
A: Astatine has atomic number 85.

Q: tell me about the element lanthanum
A: Lanthanum is element 57, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what is element 54
A: Element 54 is Xenon, symbol Xe.

Q: what is the atomic number of calcium
A: Calcium has atomic number 20.

Q: What is Darmstadtium?
A: Darmstadtium is element 110, a transition metal.

Q: What is the atomic number of Germanium?
A: Germanium has atomic number 32.

Q: what is element 66
A: Element 66 is Dysprosium, symbol Dy.

Q: Which element is atomic number 87?
A: Element 87 is Francium, symbol Fr.

Q: what element has atomic number 63
A: Element 63 is Europium, symbol Eu.

Q: Tell me about the element Roentgenium.
A: Roentgenium is element 111, a transition metal.

Q: What element has atomic number 58?
A: Element 58 is Cerium, symbol Ce.

Q: gold is which element number
A: Gold has atomic number 79.

Q: what element is 43
A: Element 43 is Technetium, symbol Tc.

Q: which element is atomic number 67
A: Element 67 is Holmium, symbol Ho.

Q: what is the symbol for thallium
A: The symbol for Thallium is Tl.

Q: What category is Actinium?
A: Actinium is a actinide.

Q: what is the symbol for fluorine
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: which element is atomic number 45
A: Element 45 is Rhodium, symbol Rh.

Q: what element has atomic number 31
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: tell me about the element argon
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: What element is Al?
A: Al is Aluminium, element number 13.

Q: which element is number 1
A: Element 1 is Hydrogen, symbol H.

Q: What number is Krypton?
A: Krypton has atomic number 36.

Q: what family is holmium in
A: Holmium is a lanthanide.

Q: What's Phosphorus's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Phosphorus is P.

Q: What group is Nihonium in?
A: Nihonium is in group 13, period 7.

Q: Is Zinc a metal or nonmetal?
A: Zinc is a transition metal.

Q: What state is Selenium at room temperature?
A: Selenium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: is neon a solid, liquid, or gas
A: Neon is a gas at room temperature.

Q: what state is cobalt at room temperature
A: Cobalt is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What element is 29?
A: Element 29 is Copper, symbol Cu.

Q: What element has atomic number 69?
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: Describe Berkelium.
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: what's element number 114
A: Element 114 is Flerovium, symbol Fl.

Q: what kind of element is lawrencium
A: Lawrencium is a actinide.

Q: which element is number 32
A: Element 32 is Germanium, symbol Ge.

Q: What's the symbol for Roentgenium?
A: The symbol for Roentgenium is Rg.

Q: what is tantalum's symbol
A: The symbol for Tantalum is Ta.

Q: What element has atomic number 13?
A: Element 13 is Aluminium, symbol Al.

Q: What state is Samarium at room temperature?
A: Samarium is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What category is Molybdenum?
A: Molybdenum is a transition metal.

Q: What block is Krypton in?
A: Krypton is in the p-block.

Q: How do you write Francium?
A: The symbol for Francium is Fr.

Q: how many chemical elements exist
A: There are 118 known chemical elements.

Q: What is the atomic number of Technetium?
A: Technetium has atomic number 43.

Q: What can you tell me about Tungsten?
A: Tungsten is element 74, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's element number 49
A: Element 49 is Indium, symbol In.

Q: Give me info on Lawrencium.
A: Lawrencium is element 103, a actinide.

Q: what number is americium on the periodic table
A: Americium has atomic number 95.

Q: Tell me about Zirconium.
A: Zirconium is element 40, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Lead?
A: The symbol for Lead is Pb.

Q: what group is scandium in
A: Scandium is in group 3, period 4.

Q: which element is number 42
A: Element 42 is Molybdenum, symbol Mo.

Q: What is element 88?
A: Element 88 is Radium, symbol Ra.

Q: Give me info on Phosphorus.
A: Phosphorus is element 15, a nonmetal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what kind of element is iodine
A: Iodine is a halogen.

Q: which element is si
A: Si is Silicon, element number 14.

Q: What's element number 95?
A: Element 95 is Americium, symbol Am.

Q: what type of element is europium
A: Europium is a lanthanide.

Q: describe terbium
A: Terbium is element 65, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Argon.
A: Argon is element 18, a noble gas.

Q: What's Dubnium's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Dubnium is Db.

Q: Tell me about the element Rhodium.
A: Rhodium is element 45, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What block is Oxygen in?
A: Oxygen is in the p-block.

Q: What family is Praseodymium in?
A: Praseodymium is a lanthanide.

Q: What block is Neon in?
A: Neon is in the p-block.

Q: Tell me about Ruthenium.
A: Ruthenium is element 44, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: tell me about the element thallium
A: Thallium is element 81, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's Chlorine's atomic number?
A: Chlorine has atomic number 17.

Q: which element has the symbol p
A: P is Phosphorus, element number 15.

Q: Which element has the symbol U?
A: U is Uranium, element number 92.

Q: How do you write Holmium?
A: The symbol for Holmium is Ho.

Q: what kind of element is germanium
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: What is the symbol for Barium?
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: what is arsenic's symbol
A: The symbol for Arsenic is As.

Q: What is the symbol for Vanadium?
A: The symbol for Vanadium is V.

Q: What group is Lutetium in?
A: Lutetium is in group 3, period 6.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Zirconium?
A: The symbol for Zirconium is Zr.

Q: what is element 53
A: Element 53 is Iodine, symbol I.

Q: what is the symbol for platinum
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: what family is fermium in
A: Fermium is a actinide.

Q: what number is titanium on the periodic table
A: Titanium has atomic number 22.

Q: How do you write Darmstadtium?
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: what element is mn
A: Mn is Manganese, element number 25.

Q: What is element 90?
A: Element 90 is Thorium, symbol Th.

Q: how do you write radon
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: what is the atomic number of yttrium
A: Yttrium has atomic number 39.

Q: what element has atomic number 26
A: Element 26 is Iron, symbol Fe.

Q: Which element is number 57?
A: Element 57 is Lanthanum, symbol La.

Q: Which element is Pm?
A: Pm is Promethium, element number 61.

Q: Is Thorium a metal or nonmetal?
A: Thorium is a actinide.

Q: What can you tell me about Bohrium?
A: Bohrium is element 107, a transition metal.

Q: What number is Protactinium?
A: Protactinium has atomic number 91.

Q: What state is Bromine at room temperature?
A: Bromine is a liquid at room temperature.

Q: What does Bk stand for?
A: Bk is Berkelium, element number 97.

Q: What's Neon's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Neon is Ne.

Q: what family is californium in
A: Californium is a actinide.

Q: give me info on curium
A: Curium is element 96, a actinide.

Q: What can you tell me about Ytterbium?
A: Ytterbium is element 70, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Give me info on Nobelium.
A: Nobelium is element 102, a actinide.

Q: what type of element is hafnium
A: Hafnium is a transition metal.

Q: what's mercury's atomic number
A: Mercury has atomic number 80.

Q: what element is 117
A: Element 117 is Tennessine, symbol Ts.

Q: What element is 9?
A: Element 9 is Fluorine, symbol F.

Q: What is Curium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Curium is Cm.

Q: how many actinides are there
A: There are 15 actinides among the 118 elements.

Q: which element has the symbol sm
A: Sm is Samarium, element number 62.

Q: Is Germanium a metal?
A: Germanium is a metalloid.

Q: what category is barium
A: Barium is a alkaline earth metal.

Q: what is element 37
A: Element 37 is Rubidium, symbol Rb.

Q: What's the symbol for Fluorine?
A: The symbol for Fluorine is F.

Q: Is Lanthanum a metal or nonmetal?
A: Lanthanum is a lanthanide.

Q: what's the symbol for radon
A: The symbol for Radon is Rn.

Q: What number is Fluorine on the periodic table?
A: Fluorine has atomic number 9.

Q: What is the atomic number of Plutonium?
A: Plutonium has atomic number 94.

Q: what does eu stand for
A: Eu is Europium, element number 63.

Q: describe copper
A: Copper is element 29, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What's the symbol for Darmstadtium?
A: The symbol for Darmstadtium is Ds.

Q: What kind of element is Vanadium?
A: Vanadium is a transition metal.

Q: Describe Lutetium.
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is C?
A: C is Carbon, element number 6.

Q: what does zn stand for
A: Zn is Zinc, element number 30.

Q: Rhodium is which element number?
A: Rhodium has atomic number 45.

Q: what is livermorium's symbol
A: The symbol for Livermorium is Lv.

Q: Which element is atomic number 16?
A: Element 16 is Sulfur, symbol S.

Q: what type of element is selenium
A: Selenium is a nonmetal.

Q: what's lawrencium's atomic number
A: Lawrencium has atomic number 103.

Q: what family is sulfur in
A: Sulfur is a nonmetal.

Q: what's magnesium's atomic number
A: Magnesium has atomic number 12.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of bromine
A: The symbol for Bromine is Br.

Q: What's Platinum's chemical symbol?
A: The symbol for Platinum is Pt.

Q: What can you tell me about Berkelium?
A: Berkelium is element 97, a actinide.

Q: which element is atomic number 30
A: Element 30 is Zinc, symbol Zn.

Q: What is element 69?
A: Element 69 is Thulium, symbol Tm.

Q: What is Helium's symbol?
A: The symbol for Helium is He.

Q: What element is P?
A: P is Phosphorus, element number 15.

Q: Which element is Db?
A: Db is Dubnium, element number 105.

Q: Give me info on Beryllium.
A: Beryllium is element 4, a alkaline earth metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is number 110?
A: Element 110 is Darmstadtium, symbol Ds.

Q: Tell me about Neptunium.
A: Neptunium is element 93, a actinide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: give me info on niobium
A: Niobium is element 41, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What number is Tellurium?
A: Tellurium has atomic number 52.

Q: which element is cs
A: Cs is Cesium, element number 55.

Q: What period and group is Tantalum in?
A: Tantalum is in group 5, period 6.

Q: what kind of element is einsteinium
A: Einsteinium is a actinide.

Q: Tell me about the element Samarium.
A: Samarium is element 62, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: describe aluminium
A: Aluminium is element 13, a post-transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: What is the atomic number of Livermorium?
A: Livermorium has atomic number 116.

Q: What is the chemical symbol of Barium?
A: The symbol for Barium is Ba.

Q: what element is 10
A: Element 10 is Neon, symbol Ne.

Q: Show me the lanthanides.
A: Lanthanides include Lanthanum, Cerium, Praseodymium, Neodymium, Promethium, and Samarium.

Q: What's Bohrium's atomic number?
A: Bohrium has atomic number 107.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of potassium
A: The symbol for Potassium is K.

Q: what number is phosphorus
A: Phosphorus has atomic number 15.

Q: what element is cm
A: Cm is Curium, element number 96.

Q: is copernicium a metal
A: Copernicium is a transition metal.

Q: what is the chemical symbol of silicon
A: The symbol for Silicon is Si.

Q: what is the symbol for tellurium
A: The symbol for Tellurium is Te.

Q: What can you tell me about Fermium?
A: Fermium is element 100, a actinide.

Q: Which element has the symbol Rf?
A: Rf is Rutherfordium, element number 104.

Q: what can you tell me about lithium
A: Lithium is element 3, a alkali metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: Which element is atomic number 24?
A: Element 24 is Chromium, symbol Cr.

Q: which element has the symbol sr
A: Sr is Strontium, element number 38.

Q: is potassium a metal or nonmetal
A: Potassium is a alkali metal.

Q: what element is 31
A: Element 31 is Gallium, symbol Ga.

Q: What can you tell me about Americium?
A: Americium is element 95, a actinide.

Q: what element is 100
A: Element 100 is Fermium, symbol Fm.

Q: What is Lutetium?
A: Lutetium is element 71, a lanthanide, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: what's the symbol for beryllium
A: The symbol for Beryllium is Be.

Q: What is element 7?
A: Element 7 is Nitrogen, symbol N.

Q: which element is be
A: Be is Beryllium, element number 4.

Q: which element has the symbol in
A: In is Indium, element number 49.

Q: What category is Tantalum?
A: Tantalum is a transition metal.

Q: What is the symbol for Scandium?
A: The symbol for Scandium is Sc.

Q: what is argon's symbol
A: The symbol for Argon is Ar.

Q: What is the symbol for Oxygen?
A: The symbol for Oxygen is O.

Q: what is the heaviest element
A: Oganesson is the heaviest element, atomic number 118.

Q: which element is k
A: K is Potassium, element number 19.

Q: What does He stand for?
A: He is Helium, element number 2.

Q: Tell me about the element Chromium.
A: Chromium is element 24, a transition metal, and is a solid at room temperature.

Q: How do you write Protactinium?
A: The symbol for Protactinium is Pa.
